aa;oh
aacsb;aacsb
aaf;aaf
aalto;stop
aapp;aapp
aarón;aaron
aavv;avv
aazul;blue
ababol;ababol
abaca;abaca
abadía;abbey
abaitua;abaitua
abajo;down
abalon;abalone
abanca;bench
abandera;flag
abanderar;flag
abandon;abandon
abandonado;abandoned
abandonar;leave
abandonar yo;leave me
abandonenchilevamo;abandonenchilevamo
abandono;abandonment
abandonáramo;we abandoned
abandoné;i abandoned
abanico;hand fan
abantos;abantos
abar;abar
abaratar;cheapen
abarcable;encompassable
abarcar;encompass
abarcaremos;we will cover
abarque;span
abarrotado;crowded
abarth;abarth
abascal;abascal
abastecedor;provider
abastecer;supply
abastecido;stocked
abastecimiento;catering
abasto;supply
abatibl;foldable
abatido;dejected
abb;abb
abbas;abbas
abbasov;abbasov
abbey;abbey
abc;abc
abd;abd
abdel;abdel
abdelfatah;abdelfatah
abdominal;abdominal
abdulla;abdulla
abdulraheem;abdulraheem
abdulrazak;abdulrazak
abeceb;abeceb
abedin;abedin
abeja;bee
abel;abel
abellán;abellan
aber;open
aberasturi;aberasturi
aberdeen;aberdeen
aberración;aberration
abertura;opening
abeto;fir tree
abhishek;abhishek
abibimman;abibimman
abierta;open
abiertamente;openly
abierto;open
abinader;abinader
abismal;abysmal
abismo;abyss
abita;dwells
ablación;ablation
ablandar;soften
ablativo;ablative
able;able
abnegado;selfless
abocacer;mouth
abocado;doomed
abocar;abocar
abogacía;advocacy
abogada;a lawyer
abogado;attorney
abogar;plead
aboguir;advocate
abolicionismo;abolitionism
abonar;pay
abonir;pay
abono;fertilizer
aborda;tackles
abordado;boarded
abordaj;approached
abordaje;approach
abordar;approach
abordarlo;tackle it
abordir;tackle
abordo;on board
aborto;abortion
abou;about
aboud;about
abouk;abouk
abraham;abraham
abrar;open
abraza;hugs
abrazador;hugger
abrazar;embrace
abrazo;hug
abreviar;abbreviate
abreviatura;abbreviation
abrigar;shelter
abrigarno;shelter us
abrigo;coat
abril;april
abrir;open
abrirno;open
abrirã;will open
abroñigal;abroñigal
abrumador;overwhelming
abrumadora;overwhelming
abrupto;abrupt
absolutamente;absolutely
absoluto;absolute
absorbe;absorbs
absorbent;absorbent
absorbente;absorbent
absorber;absorb
absorción;absorption
absorr;absorb
abstención;abstention
abstener;abstain
abstracción;abstraction
abstracto;abstract
absuelto;acquitted
absurda;absurd
absurdo;absurd
abta;open
abu;grandma
abuchear;jeer
abucheo;boo
abue;grandma
abuela;grandmother
abuelita;granny
abuelo;grandfather
abundancia;abundance
abundante;abundant
abundar;to abound
abundo;abound
aburrido;bored
aburrimiento;boredom
abusar;to abuse
abuso;abuse
acabado;finish
acabados;finishes
acabar;finish
acabarer;finish
acabaríamos;we would finish
academia;academy
academias;academies
academy;academy
acadã;to each
académico;academic
académicos;academics
acaecido;happened
acallar;silence
acalorado;heated
acampa;camping
acampar;to camp
acanalado;corrugated
acantilado;cliff
acaparamiento;hoarding
acaparar;hoard
acar;acar
acarrea;carries
acarrear;carry
acaso;perhaps
acb;acb
acceda;access
accedar;access
accede;access
acceder;to access
accelerating;accelerating
accelerator;accelerator
accenture;accenture
accesibilidad;accessibility
accesibility;accessibility
accesibl;accessible
accesible;accessible
accesiblser;accessible
acceso;access
accesoria;accessory
accesorio;accessory
access;access
accidental;accidental
accidentalmente;accidentally
accidentar;accident
accidente;accident
acciona;activates
accionariado;shareholding
accionista;shareholder
accionistas;shareholders
acción;action
accordionmenu;accordionmenu
accountability;accountability
accounts;accounts
accra;accra
accésit;second prize
accésits;second prize
ace;ace
acecha;lurks
acechar;stalk
aceite;oil
aceituna;olive
acelera;accelerate
aceleracionista;accelerationist
aceleración;acceleration
acelerado;accelerated
acelerador;throttle
aceleran;accelerate
acelerar;speed up
acelerir;speed up
acenso;ascent
acento;accent
acepción;meaning
aceptable;acceptable
aceptación;acceptance
aceptado;accepted
aceptar;to accept
acepto;i agree
acer;acer
acera;pavement
acerca;about
acercamiento;close up
acercando yo;approaching me
acercar;zoom in
acerera;steelmaker
acerinox;acerinox
acero;steel
acerquer;zoom in
acertado;right
acertadísima;very accurate
acertar;hit
aceves;aceves
acevichado;acevichado
acha;acha
achacar;blame
achatarramiento;scrapping
achicar;reduce
achincayá;achincaya
achote;annatto
achraf;achraf
acicate;spur
acidez;acidity
acidificación;acidification
acier tú;hit you
acierto;success
acinetobacter;acinetobacter
aclamación;acclamation
aclamado;acclaimed
aclamar;acclaim
aclarar;clarify
acloset;closet
acn;acne
acne;acne
acnur;unhcr
acogedor;cozy
acoger;embrace
acogertar;welcome
acogida;reception
acolchado;padded
acomet;i rushed
acometer;undertake
acometido;rushed
acomoda;accommodates
acomodar;accommodate
acomodaticia;accommodative
acompaña;accompanies
acompañado;accompanied
acompañamiento;accompaniment
acompañante;companion
acompañar;accompany
acompañarno;accompany us
acompañen;accompany
acompañándono;accompanying us
acondicionada;conditioned
acondicionado;conditioned
acondicionamiento;conditioning
acondicionar;condition
acondicionir;condition
aconseja;advise
aconsejar;advise
aconsejarte;advise you
aconsejándolo;advising him
acontecer;happen
acontecido;happened
acontecimiento;event
acopio;gathering
acoplado;coupled
acoplar;couple
acopló;coupled
acordado;agreed
acordar;agree
acordarte;remember
acorde;chord
acortamiento;shortening
acoso;bullying
acosta;lie down
acostumbrado;used to
acostumbramos;we get used to
acostumbrar;accustom
acotado;bounded
acotar;delimit
acrecentar;increase
acreditación;accreditation
acreditado;accredited
acreditar;accredit
acrilamida;acrylamide
acristalado;glazed
acrílico;acrylic
acrónimo;acronym
acs;acs
act;act
acta;minutes
action;action
actitud;attitude
activa;active
activación;activation
activamente;actively
activar;activate
activar yo;activate me
activas;active
active;activate
actividad;exercise
actividades;activities
activir;activate
activismo;activism
activista;activist
activistas;activists
activo;active
activos;active
acto;act
actor;actor
actriz;actress
actuación;performance
actual;current
actualidad;present
actualiza;update
actualización;update
actualizada;updated
actualizado;updated
actualizar;to update
actualmente;currently
actuar;act
actuarial;actuarial
actuer;acter
actúar;act
actúas;you act
acuaponía;aquaponics
acuapónico;aquaponics
acuarela;watercolor
acuciant;pressing
acuciante;pressing
acudas;come
acudir;go
acueducto;aqueduct
acuerdo;agreement
acuerdos;agreements
acuestir;put to bed
acuicultor;farmer
acuicultura;aquaculture
aculturación;acculturation
acumen;accumulate
acumulación;accumulation
acumulado;accumulated
acumular;accumulate
acumulativo;cumulative
acusaciones;accusations
acusación;accusation
acusadas;accused
acusado;accused
acusar;to accuse
acuático;water
acuícolo;aquaculture
acuífero;aquifer
acuña;coins
acuñado;coined
acuñar;coin
acuñé;i coined
acá;here
acérrimo;obstinate
acústico;acoustic
ad;ad
ada;ada
adagio;adage
adam;adam
adapta;adapts
adaptabilidad;adaptability
adaptabl;adaptable
adaptable;adaptable
adaptación;adaptation
adaptado;adapted
adaptador;adapter
adaptar;fit
adaptarno;adapt
adaptation;adaptation
adaptativo;adaptive
adapte;adapt
adaptir;adapt
adaptándola;adapting it
adaptándono;adapting
adcv;adcv
adda;adda
adecco;adecco
adecuación;adequacy
adecuada;adequate
adecuadamente;properly
adecuado;appropriate
adecuar;adapt
adecuir;adapt
adecãºe;fit
adecúar;adapt
adecúe;fit
adeje;adeje
adelantado;advanced
adelantamiento;overtaking
adelantar;advance
adelanto;advancement
adelgazamiento;slimming
adelgazar;slim down
adensva;adensva
adentrar;enter
adentro;indoors
adepto;adept
aderezado;seasoned
aderezo;dressing
adeudar;debit
adfd;adfd
adg;adg
adhanom;adhanom
adherencia;adherence
adherido;attached
adherir;adhere
adhesivo;adhesive
adhesión;accession
adhoc;ad hoc
adi;bye
adicción;addiction
adicional;additional
adicionalmente;further
adición;addition
adictar;addict
adictiva;addictive
adictos;addicted
adidas;adidas
adiestran;train
adif;adif
adigital;digital
adinerado;wealthy
aditiva;additive
aditivo;additive
adivinar;guess
adiós;bye
adjudicar;to award
adjudicataria;successful bidder
adjunta;attached
adjunto;attached
adjustments;adjustments
administraciones;administrations
administración;management
administrado;administered
administrador;administrator
administradores;administrators
administrar;manage
administrativas;administrative
administrativo;administrative
administrir;manage
admirablemente;admirably
admiración;admiration
admirado;admired
admirador;fan
admirar;admire
admirir;admire
admisión;admission
admitir;admit
adn;dna
adobe;adobe
adoctrinador;indoctrinator
adoctrinamiento;indoctrination
adolescencia;adolescence
adolescente;teen
adolezar;suffer
adolfo;adolf
adonde;where to
adopción;adoption
adoptado;adopted
adoptar;to adopt
adoptivo;adoptive
adopto;i adopt
adoptárar;adopt
adoquinado;paved
adoran;adore
adornado;decorated
adosar;attach
adpic;trips
adquierar;acquire
adquirido;acquired
adquirir;acquire
adquisición;acquisition
adquisitivo;purchasing
adr;adr
adrenalina;adrenalin
adriana;adriana
adrienne;adrienne
adrizamiento;righting
adrià;adria
adrián;adrian
ads;ads
adsarà;adsara
adscripción;secondment
adscrita;attached
adscrito;seconded
aduana;customs
aducir;adduce
adueñarno;own
adulador;flatterer
adulta;adult
adulto;adult
advance;advance
advanced;advanced
adversidad;adversity
adverso;adverse
advertencia;caveat
advertir;warn
advertisers;advertisers
advertising;advertising
advisor;adviser
advisory;advisory
adyacente;adjacent
aeb;aeb
aec;aec
aecom;aecom
aed;aed
aee;aee
aeice;aeice
aema;aema
aemet;aemet
aena;aena
aenor;aenor
aeopas;aeopas
aercap;aircap
aero;air
aerodinámica;aerodynamics
aerodinámicamente;aerodynamically
aerodinámico;aerodynamic
aeroespacial;aerospace
aerolínea;airline
aeronave;aircraft
aeronáutica;aeronautics
aeronáutico;aeronautical
aeroponia;aeroponics
aeroportuario;airport
aeropuerto;airport
aerotermia;aerothermy
aeroíneo;airline
aertsen;aertsen
aeruginós;aeruginós
aeróbico;aerobic
aesthetic;aesthetic
aethaer;aethaer
aetib;aetib
aetoswire;aetoswire
aexcid;aexcid
afa;afa
afable;affable
afac;afac
afanar;sneak
afc;afc
afear;disfigure
afección;condition
afectación;affectation
afectado;affected
afectar;to affect
afecto;affected
afectuós;affected
afeitado;shaved off
afeitadora;shaver
afeitar;to shave
aferrado;clinging
aferrar;grasp
affairs;affairs
affinity;affinity
affleck;affleck
afganistán;afghanistan
afianzada;entrenched
afianzado;entrenched
afianzar;secure
aficionado;amateur
aficionados;fans
afición;hobby
afiebrado;feverish
afilada;sharp
afiliación;membership
afiliado;affiliate
afinar;fine tune
afincado;settled
afincar;settle down
afinándola;tuning it
afirmación;affirmation
afirmado;affirmed
afirmar;say
afirmativamente;affirmatively
afjp;afjp
afl;afl
afloja;loosen up
aflorar;surface
afluencia;influx
afolu;afolu
aforo;capacity
afortunadamente;fortunately
afortunado;lucky
afp;afp
african;african
africana;african
africano;african
africanos;africans
africo;africa
afro;afro
afrodescendient;afro-descendant
afrodescendiente;afro-descendant
afrontamiento;coping
afrontamos;we face
afrontar;front facing
afrontarlos;face them
afrontir;face
aftershock;aftershock
afterwork;after work
afuera;outside
afuerar;outside
afuero;outside
afán;eagerness
afín;related
ag;ag
aga;aga
again;again
against;against
agapito;agapito
agarimo;agarimo
agarrar;grab
agarre;grip
agarrir;grab
agasajar;entertain
agbar;agbar
agc;agc
agco;agco
agcoir;agcoir
agdatamarket;agdatamarket
ageing;aging
agencia;agency
agencias;agencies
agency;agency
agenda;diary
agende;schedule
agente;agent
agentes;agents
aggregator;aggregator
agigantar;magnify
agile;agile
agilidad;agility
agilizar;speed up
agitación;agitation
agitado;hectic
agitar;shake
aglomeración;agglomeration
aglomerante;binder
aglutinar;agglutinate
aglutín;agglutin
agnelli;agnelli
agnes;agnes
agnès;agnes
agobiasar;overwhelm
agobio;burden
agonal;agonistic
agonizar;agonize
agonía;agony
agorbank;agorbank
agosarat;agosarat
agost;august
agosto;august
agotado;exhausted
agotamiento;exhaustion
agotar;exhaust
agotarir;exhaust
agotir;exhaust
agradable;nice
agradar;please
agradecer;to thank
agradecerás;you will thank
agradecido;grateful
agradecimiento;gratitude
agrado;liking
agrandar;enlarge
agraria;agrarian
agrario;agrarian
agrarios;agrarian
agras;thank you
agrava;aggravates
agravado;aggravated
agravante;aggravating
agravar;aggravate
agravio;grievance
agraz;nice
agregado;aggregate
agregar;add
agreir;attack
agres;aggression
agresivamente;aggressively
agresivo;aggressive
agresión;assault
agresor;aggressor
agrestir;attack
agriar;sour
agricole;agricultural
agricultor;farmer
agricultora;farmer
agricultores;farmers
agricultoro;farmer
agricultura;farming
agriculture;agriculture
agrio;sour
agro;agriculture
agroalimentación;agrifood
agroalimentario;agri-food
agrobank;agrobank
agroecología;agroecology
agroecológica;agroecological
agroecológico;agroecological
agroforestal;agroforestry
agroindustria;agroindustry
agroindustrial;agro-industrial
agromartin;agromartin
agronegocio;agribusiness
agronómica;agronomic
agropecuaria;agricultural
agropecuario;agricultural
agroquímico;agrochemical
agroscope;agroscope
agrosolidaria;agrosolidaria
agrovoltaico;agrovoltaic
agrowingdata;agrowingdata
agrupación;group
agrupada;grouped
agrupado;grouped
agrupar;group
agrícola;agricultural
agrónomo;agronomist
agua;water
aguacat;avocado
aguacate;avocado
aguachile;aguachile
aguanaval;aguanaval
aguantar;endure
aguante;endurance
aguar;water
aguas;waters
agudamente;sharply
agudas;acute
agudeza;acuity
agudizado;sharpened
agudizar;sharpen
agudo;sharp
aguilar;aguilar
aguilares;eagles
aguirre;aguirre
aguirrezabal;aguirrezabal
aguja;needle
agujero;hole
agustí;agusti
agustín;agustin
agència;agency
agüera;omen
agüero;omen
ah;oh
aha;aha
ahmad;ahmad
ahmed;ahmed
ahondar;delve
ahondir;delve
ahoorar;save
ahorcar;hang
ahorra;save
ahorrado;saved
ahorrador;saver
ahorrar;save money
ahorrarno;save us
ahorrartir;save save
ahorraríar;would save
ahorre;save
ahorrir;save
ahorro;saving
ahumada;smoked
ahumado;smoked
ahumar;smoke
ahuyentar;drive away
ahínco;zeal
ai;ai
aia;aia
aidée;aidee
aie;aye
aierbe;airbe
aigües;aigües
aijaz;aijaz
ainslie;ainslie
ainé;aine
air;air
airada;angry
airbnb;airbnb
airbus;air bus
aire;air
airebe;airebe
airef;airf
aires;airs
airlines;airlines
airoso;airy
airpods;airpods
airport;airport
airways;airways
aislacionista;isolationist
aislado;isolated
aislamiento;isolation
aislante;insulating
aislar;isolate
aislarno;isolate ourselves
aismismo;aismism
aitana;aitana
aitor;aitor
això;aixó
aizega;aizega
aja;aha
ajardinacer;landscaping
ajardinada;landscaped
ajardinado;landscaped
ajardinar;landscape
ajedrez;chess
ajena;alien
ajenar;alienate
ajeno;unaffiliated
ajetreo;hustle
ajijic;ajijic
ajit;ajit
ajo;garlic
ajuntament;town hall
ajusco;i adjust
ajustabl;adjustable
ajustable;adjustable
ajustado;tight
ajustar;adjust
ajustarno;adjust
ajuste;adjustment
akademy;akademy
ala;to
alaa;hello
alabar;praise
alado;winged
alai;alai
alambicado;wired
alambre;wire
alameda;mall
alamy;alamy
alan;alan
alandete;alandete
alanna;alana
alantra;alantra
alarcón;alarcon
alarde;boast
alargar;to enlarge
alargaremos;we will lengthen
alarguir;lengthen
alarma;alarm
alarmado;alarmed
alarmante;frightening
alarmar;alarm
alarmarno;alarm
alaska;alaska
alavesa;alavesa
alba;sunrise
albacete;albacete
albacora;albacore
albanese;albanian
albania;albania
albany;albanian
albarcete;albarcete
albares;packing slips
albarracín;albarracin
albatana;albatana
albañil;construction worker
albedrío;will
albegacer;shelter
albergar;harbor
albergue;hostel
albert;albert
alberta;alberta
alberti;alberti
alberto;alberto
albin;albin
albon;albon
albor;dawn
alborán;dawn
albur;dace
albóndiga;meatball
albóndigas;dumplings
alc;alc
alcachofa;artichoke
alcachofas;artichokes
alcala ;alcala
alcalalí;alcalali
alcalareña;alcalareño
alcalareño;alcalareño
alcalde;mayor
alcaldes;mayors
alcaldesa;mayoress
alcaldía;town hall
alcalá;alcala
alcance;scope
alcantara;alcantara
alcantarilla;sewer
alcantarillado;sewerage
alcanzab;reachb
alcanzable;reachable
alcanzado;reached
alcanzar;attain
alcanzarno;reach us
alcaparra;caper
alcaparrón;caperberry
alcaraz;alcaraz
alcelay;alcelay
alcobendas;alcobendas
alcocer;cook
alcohol;alcohol
alcohólico;alcoholic
alcoleja;alcoleja
alcornoque;cork oak
alcosa;alcosa
alcoy;alcohol
alcudia;alcudia
alcántara;alcantara
alcázar;alcazar
alcón;hawk
aldana;aldana
aldanondo;aldanondo
aldanondoyfdez;aldanondoyfdez
aldea;village
aldeas;villages
aldecoa;village
aldi;aldi
aldononyfdez;aldononyfdez
aldrin;aldrin
ale;ale
aleación;alloy
aleatorio;random
aled;aled
aledaño;neighboring
alegación;allegation
alegar;plead
alegato;allegation
aleger;cheer
alegoría;allegory
alegr;glad
alegramos;we rejoice
alegrar;gladden
alegraremos;we will rejoice
alegre;cheerful
alegría;happiness
aleguir;cheer
aleix;alex
alejado;away
alejamiento;remoteness
alejandra;alexandra
alejandro;alexander
alejandría;alexandria
alejar;ward off
alejar yo;push me away
alejarno;move away
alejarse;walk away
alejo;away
aleksandar;aleksandar
aleksandr;alexander
aleksandra;alexandra
aleksiévich;aleksievich
alemana;german
alemania;germany
alemany;germany
alemán;german
alentado;encouraged
alentador;encouraging
alentadora;encouraging
alentar;to encourage
alergia;allergy
alero;eaves
alerta;alert
alertado;alerted
alertar;alert
alerón;aileron
aleta;fin
alex;alex
alexa;alexa
alexander;alexander
alexandra;alexandra
alexandre;alexander
alexia;alexia
alexievich;alexievich
alexis;alexis
alfa;alpha
alfabetización;literacy
alfabetizado;literate
alfabeto;alphabet
alfaro;alfaro
alfil;bishop
alfoliz;taffy
alfombra;rug
alfonso;alfonso
alfonsín;alfonsin
alfred;alfred
alfredo;alfred
alga;alga
algar;algar
algarrobico;carob
algeciras;algeciras
alginato;alginate
algodón;cotton
algorfa;algorfa
algoritmo;algorithm
algorítmica;algorithmic
algorítmico;algorithmic
algueña;someone
alguicida;algaecide
alguien;someone
algãºn;some
alhenamedia;hennamedia
alhorr;saving
ali;there
aliada;ally
aliado;ally
aliados;allies
alianza;alliance
alianzas;alliances
alianzo;alliance
aliar;ally
alias;alias
alibaba;alibaba
alicante;alicante
alicantina;alicante
alicantino;alicante
alice;alice
alicia;alicia
alick;alick
aliento;breath
alier;alien
aliexpress;aliexpress
alija;stash
alimaña;vermin
alimenot;not fed
alimentación;feeding
alimentado;fed
alimentando;feeding
alimentar;feed
alimentaria;food
alimentario;alimentary
alimentarno;feed us
alimenticia;nutritional
alimenticio;food
alimentir;feed
alimento;food
alimentos;foods
aliments;food
alimón;lemon
aline;align
alineación;alignment
alineado;aligned
alineamiento;alignment
alinear;to line up
alir;get out
alisar;smooth
alison;alison
alistada;enlisted
alistar;enlist
alivenes;alivens
aliviar;relieve
alivio;relief
aliñado;seasoned
aliño;dressing
aljaraque;fuss
all;all
allain;allain
allan;allan
allanar;smooth
allard;allard
allariz;allariz
allegado;close
allegra;allegra
allen;allen
allende;beyond
alliance;alliance
allison;allison
allova;allova
allow;allow
alloza;alloza
allá;there
alma;soul
almacena;stores
almacenable;storable
almacenado;stored
almacenamiento;storage
almacenar;store
almacenarir;store
almacén;warehouse
almadrar;almadrar
almagro;almagro
almalinux;almalinux
almanatura;almanature
almansa;almansa
almanzora;almanzora
almarcegui;almarcegui
almazara;oil press
almazán;warehouse
almeida;almeida
almeja;clam
almendra;almond
almendral;almond
almeriense;almerian
almería;almeria
almidón;starch
almirante;admiral
almudaina;almudaina
almudena;almudena
almuerzo;lunch
alocución;address
alojado;hosted
alojamiento;accommodation
alojamientos;accommodations
alojar;accommodate
alojativo;accommodation
alok;alok
alon;alone
alonso;alonso
aloy;aloy
alpaca;alpaca
alpacana;alpacana
alpenglow;alpenglow
alpha;alpha
alpina;alpine
alpine;alpine
alpinismo;mountaineering
alpinista;mountaineer
alquilado;rented
alquilar;rent
alquiler;rental
alrededor;around
als;als
alsa;alsa
alshamsi;alshamsi
alsogaray;alsogaray
alt;alt
alta;high
altamente;highly
altas;tall
altavoz;speaker
alteración;disturbance
alterado;altered
alteran;alter
alterar;alter
alternador;alternator
alternancia;alternation
alternativa;alternative
alternativamente;alternatively
alternativas;alternatives
alternativo;alternative
altibajo;up and down
altitud;altitude
alto;tall
altramuz;lupine
altruista;altruistic
altruisto;altruistic
altura;height
altísimo;soaring
alucinar;hallucinate
alucinógeno;hallucinogen
alud;avalanche
aludir;allude
alum;alum
alumbrado;lighting
alumbrar;light
aluminio;aluminum
alumna;student
alumnado;student body
alumni;alumni
alumno;pupil
alumnos;students
alunizaj;moon landing
alunizaje;moon landing
alusión;allusion
aluvial;alluvial
aluvión;alluvium
aluzinc;aluzinc
alva;alva
alvarez;alvarez
alza;rise
alzar;raise
alzheimer;alzheimer
alémar;german
alíar;align
alías;alias
aló;hello
am;a.m
am ;a.m
ama;loves
amabilidad;amiability
amable;gentle
amadeus;amadeus
amaia;love
amanda;amanda
amanecer;sunrise
amantar;breastfeed
amante;lover
amar;to love
amaranto;amaranth
amargo;bitter
amarilla;yellow
amarillo;yellow
amasa;knead
amasadora;mixer
amasadoro;kneader
amateur;amateur
amaury;amaury
amaya;amaya
amazon;amazon
amazona;amazon
amazonas;amazon
amazonia;amazon
amazonía;amazon
amazónico;amazonian
amb;both
ambages;crooked
ambar;amber
ambas;both
ambe;ambe
amberes;antwerp
ambiance;atmosphere
ambicioso;ambitious
ambición;ambition
ambientada;set
ambientado;set
ambiental;environmental
ambientales;environmental
ambientalismo;environmentalism
ambientalista;environmentalist
ambientalistas;environmentalists
ambientalmente;environmentally
ambiente;ambient
ambiguo;ambiguous
ambivalencia;ambivalence
ambivium;ambivium
ambos;both of them
ambr;ambr
amd;amd
ame;love
amedrentado;frightened
ameline;ameline
amenanzante;threatening
amenaza;threat
amenazado;threatened
amenazadísimo;very threatened
amenazar;to threat
amenities;amenities
ameno;enjoyable
amenábar;threaten
america;america
american;american
americana;american
americano;american
americanos;american people
americas;americas
americo;america
ametller;ametller
ami;me
amianto;asbestos
amica;friend
amicitia;amicitia
amics;friends
amiga;friend
amigabl;friendly
amigable;friendly
amigar;befriend
amigo;dude
amigos;friends
amiguet;friend
amiguito;little friend
amillanon;amillanon
amin;amine
amini;amini
aminorar;lessen
aminoácido;amino acid
aminoácidos;amino acids
amir;amir
amis;to my
amistad;friendship
amistoso;friendly
amlo;amlo
amnistiar;amnesty
amnistir;amnesty
amnistía;amnesty
amo;love
amoldabl;adaptable
amoldar;mold
amoled;amoled
amonestarar;admonish
amontonado;heaped
amoníaco;ammonia
amor;love
amoroso;loving
amortiguación;cushioning
amortiguador;shock absorber
amortiguamiento;damping
amortiguan;dampen
amortiguar;cushion
amortización;amortization
amortizar;amortize
amot;love t
amovil;mobile
amoxicilina;amoxicillin
amp;amp
ampa;ampa
amparado;sheltered
amparar;protect
amparo;protection
ampat;ampath
ampere;ampere
ampleir;enlarge
amplia;wide
ampliación;extension
ampliado;extended
ampliamente;widely
ampliar;enlarge
amplificador;amplifier
amplificar;amplify
amplio;large
amplitud;amplitude
amplía;expands
amplíar;enlarge
ampolla;blister
amsterdam;amsterdam
amueblamos;we furnish
amundi;amundi
amundsen;amundsen
amunt;amunt
amurallado;walled
amutio;amutium
amy;amy
amyts;amyts
amán;haman
amã;loved
américa;america
américas;americas
amòs;love
amós;love
an;still
ana;ana
anacardo;cashew
anagrama;anagram
anaheim;anaheim
analfabetismo;illiteracy
analicir;analyze
analisis;analysis
analista;analyst
analistas;analysts
analizada;analyzed
analizado;analyzed
analizador;analyzer
analizamos;we analyze
analizar;analyze
analizáser;analyze
analogía;analogy
analytics;analytics
analítica;analytics
analítico;analytical
analógico;analogical
ananda;ananda
anaquel;shelf
anaranjado;orange
anatema;anathema
ancestra;ancestor
ancestral;ancestral
ancestro;ancestor
ancha;wide
anchas;wide
anchicayá;anchicaya
ancho;width
anchoa;anchovy
anchoas;anchovies
anchor;anchor
anchura;width
anciano;old man
ancillaries;ancillaries
ancla;anchor
anclada;anchored
anclado;anchored
anclaje;anchorage
anclar;anchor
and;and
andada;walk
andadura;walking
andalucia;andalusia
andalucía;andalusia
andaluz;andalusian
andaluza;andalusian
andaluzas;andalusian
andamio;scaffold
andaquíes;andaquíes
andar;walk
andbank;andbank
ander;ander
andes;andes
andinas;andean
andino;andean
andinos;andean
andir;walk
andorrano;andorran
andrade;andrade
andrea;andrea
andreani;andreani
andrej;andrej
andres;andrew
andreu;andreu
andrew;andrew
android;android
androidsis;androidsis
andrã;andrã
andrés;andrew
anduaga;anduaga
andy;andy
anecdótico;anecdotal
anegan;flood
anegar;flood
anemia;anemia
anestesia;anesthesia
anexionado;annexed
anexionar;annex
anexión;annexation
anexo;exhibit
anfabra;amphabra
anfac;anfac
anfibia;amphibious
anfitriona;hostess
anfitrión;host
angela;angela
angeles;angels
angelita;little angel
angell;angel
angels;angels
anger;anger
anglosajonar;anglo saxon
angosto;narrow
angrill;angrill
angry;angry
angular;angular
angus;angus
angustia;distress
angustiado;distressed
angustiante;distressing
angã;anga
anhelado;longed for
anhelo;i long
anidación;nesting
anilla;ring
anillo;ring
animación;animation
animado;animated
animador;animator
animal;animal
animalista;animalist
animar;encourage
animation;animation
animir;animate
animosidad;animosity
aniquilación;annihilation
anisar;anise
aniversario;anniversary
anker;anker
anko;anko
anna;anna
anne;anne
annie;annie
announcement;announcement
ano;year
anoche;last night
anoia;anoia
anomalía;anomaly
anonadar;annihilate
anonimato;anonymity
anotar;annotate
another;another
anouk;anouk
anquilosante;ankylosing
ansaldo;ansaldo
anse;longed for
anses;anses
ansia;craving
ansiado;longed for
ansiar;yearn
ansiedad;anxiety
ansiosa;anxious
ansioso;anxious
ansíar;yearn
antagonismo;antagonism
antaño;yesteryear
anteayer;the day before yesterday
antecedente;antecedent
anteceder;precede
antecesor;predecessor
antecesora;predecessor
antelación;advance
antelo;anticipate
antemano;beforehand
antena;antenna
anteojo;telescope
antepasado;ancestor
anteponer;put before
anteproyecto;draft
antequera;antequera
anterior;previous
anterior yo;previous me
anterioridad;anteriority
anteriormente;previously
anthony;anthony
anti;anti
antiadherent;nonstick
antiadherente;nonstick
antiarrugas;anti-wrinkle
antibiótico;antibiotic
anticapitalista;anti-capitalist
anticipación;anticipation
anticipado;anticipated
anticipamos;we anticipate
anticipar;anticipate
anticomunista;anti-communist
anticomunistas;anticommunists
anticonceptivo;contraceptive
anticonformista;anticonformist
anticonsumisto;anti-consumption
antideslizant;anti-slip
antidetonant;antiknock
antidivo;antidivo
antieconómico;wasteful
antiepiléptico;antiepileptic
antiestético;unsightly
antifraude;anti fraud
antigua;ancient
antiguamente;formerly
antiguo;ancient
antigüedad;antiquity
antiherpes;antiherpes
antiincrustant;antifouling
antiinflacionaria;anti-inflationary
antiinflación;anti inflation
antimancha;anti-stain
antimicrobiana;antimicrobial
antimicrobiano;antimicrobial
antimicrobián;antimicrobial
antimicótico;antifungal
antimonio;antimony
antinarcótico;anti-narcotic
antinieblar;antifog
antioquia;antioquia
antioxidant;antioxidant
antioxidante;antioxidant
antioxidantesgetty;antioxidantsgetty
antipersonar;antipersonnel
antipoesía;antipoetry
antiquísima;ancient
antireglamentario;anti-regulatory
antirretroviral;antiretroviral
antirretrovírico;antiretroviral
antirrobo;anti-theft device
antirrusa;anti-russian
antisocial;antisocial
antitranspirante;antiperspirant
antiucranián;anti-ukrainian
antivuelco;anti-tilt
antiárabe;anti-arab
antoine;antoine
antojar;crave
antojo;whim
antología;anthology
antolín;antolin
antoni;antony
antonio;anthony
antony;anthony
antorcha;torch
antracita;anthracite
antropoceno;anthropocene
antropocentrismo;anthropocentrism
antropocéntrico;anthropocentric
antropogénica;anthropogenic
antropogénico;anthropogenic
antropología;anthropology
antropológico;anthropological
antropía;anthropology
antropólogo;anthropologist
antrópico;anthropic
antunes;antunes
antártida;antarctica
antídoto;antidote
antípoda;antipodal
antítesis;antithesis
antònia;antonia
antón;anton
antónio;antonio
anual;annual
anualizado;annualized
anualmente;annually
anuar;annuar
anulación;annulment
anular;cancel
anunciación;annunciation
anunciado;announced
anunciante;advertiser
anunciar;announce
anunciaremos;we will announce
anuncio;ad
anuncios;advertisements
anwar;anwar
anyway;de todas formas
anywhere;anywhere
anzuelo;fish hook
análisis;analysis
análogo;analogous
anécdota;anecdote
anémona;anemone
anómala;anomalous
anómalo;anomalous
anónimo;anonymous
aon;aon
aosis;aosis
ap;ap
apacer;appear
apaciguar;appease
apaga;turns off
apagado;off
apagando;turning off
apagar;to turn off
apaguir;turn off
apagón;blackout
apalancada;leveraged
apalancamiento;leverage
aparador;sideboard
aparato;apparatus
aparatoso;spectacular
aparcado;parked
aparcamiento;parking
aparcar;park
aparecer;appear
aparejado;rigged
aparejar;to rig
aparejo;rig
aparentar;pretend
aparente;apparent
aparentemente;apparently
aparicio;appeared
aparición;appearance
apariencia;appearance
apartado;pulled apart
apartamento;apartment
apartar;set aside
apartarar;set aside
aparte;besides
apasionada;passionate
apasionado;passionate
apasionante;thrilling
apasionar;impassion
apasionarte;get excited
apatía;apathy
apd;apd
ape;ape
apec;apec
apede;apede
apegada;attached
apegado;attached
apeguir;attach
apelación;appeal
apelar;appeal
apelir;appeal
apellido;surname
apericena;apericena
aperitivo;appetizer
apertura;opening
apetecer;crave
apetecibl;appetizing
apetecible;appetizing
apetito;appetite
apetitós;appetite
aph;aph
api;api
apia;apia
apilamiento;stacking
apilar;stack
apis;apis
apisonado;rammed
apivita;apivita
aplaudar;clap
aplaude;clap your hands
aplaudido;applauded
aplaudir;applaud
aplauso;applause
aplazamiento;postponement
aplazar;postpone
aplicable;applicable
aplicaciones;applications
aplicación;app
aplicada;applied
aplicadas;applied
aplicado;applied
aplicar;apply
aplicarla;apply it
aplico;apply
apm;apm
apocalipsis;apocalypse
apocalíptica;apocalyptic
apocalíptico;apocalyptic
apodado;nicknamed
apode;nickname
apoderado;attorney
apoderar;empower
apodo;nickname
apollo;apollo
apolo;apollo
aponiente;aponient
aporta;brings
aportación;input
aportado;contributed
aportar;contribute
aportarar;contribute
aporte;input
aportemo;we contribute
apostamos;we bet
apostar;bet
apostillar;apostille
apoya;supports
apoyado;supported
apoyar;support
apoyarl;support him
apoyarlo;support him
apoyo;support for
apoyándol;supporting him
apoyándono;supporting us
app;apps
apparel;apparel
appeal;appeal
apple;manzana
apps;apps
apreceír;appreciate
apreciable;appreciable
apreciado;appreciated
apreciamos;we appreciate
apreciar;cherish
apreciir;appreciate
apremiant;pressing
apremiante;urgent
apremiar;press
aprenda;learn
aprendar;learn
aprendemos;we learn
aprender;to learn
aprenderás;youll learn
aprendido;learned
aprendiz;apprentice
aprendizaje;learning
aprendívoros;learners
apretado;tight
apretar;squeeze
apriet;squeeze
aprieto;fix
aprobación;approval
aprobada;approved
aprobado;passed
aprobar;approve
aprol;aprol
apromar;approximate
apropeír;appropriate
apropiada;appropriate
apropiadamente;properly
apropiado;appropriate
apropiar;appropriate
apropien;appropriate
aprovecha;take advantage of
aprovechaber;take advantage
aprovechado;tapped
aprovechamiento;exploitation
aprovechar;take advantage of
aprovecharlo;take advantage of it
aproveche;take advantage
aprovechir;take advantage
aprovechó;took advantage
aproximación;approach
aproximado;approximate
aproximar;approximate
apruebir;approve
apruer;approve
apta;suitable
aptitud;fitness
apto;suitable
apuesta;bet
apuesto;handsome
apuntada;targeted
apuntado;pointed
apuntalar;shore up
apuntar;point
apunte;note
apurada;in a hurry
apurado;in a hurry
apurar;hurry
apuro;hurry
apv;apv
apátrida;stateless
apéndiz;appendix
apósito;dressing
apóyenme;support me
aquafar;aquafar
aquaman;aquaman
aquapark;aquapark
aquaponics;aquaponics
aquejar;afflict
aquitects;architects
aquona;aquona
ara;now
arab;arabic
arabes;arabs
arabesco;arabesque
arabia;arabia
arabista;arabist
aracena;aracena
aragonesa;aragonese
aragonès;aragonese
aragonés;aragonese
aragón;aragon
aragüés;aragués
aramco;aramco
aramendi;aramendi
aranburu;aranburu
arancel;tariff
aranda;aranda
arantxa;arantxa
araque;araque
aras;sake
arauz;arauz
aravena;aravena
araya;araya
araña;spider
arañazo;scratch
arbeleche;arbeleche
arbitraje;arbitration
arbitrariedad;arbitrariness
arbitrario;arbitrary
arbolado;wooded
arboleda;grove
arbusto;bush
arca;ark
arcas;coffers
arce;maple
arcelormittal;arcelormittal
arcgis;arcgis
archdaily;archdaily
archiducar;archduke
archinautes;archinautes
archipiélago;archipelago
archiplan;archiplan
architect;architect
architects;architects
architectural;architectural
architecture;architecture
archiv;archive
archivar;file
archivo;file, archive
arcilla;clay
arco;bow
arcoíris;rainbow
arcón;bunker
arder;burn
ardua;arduous
arduamente;arduously
arduo;hard
are;are
arela;arela
arellano;arellano
arena;sand
arenas;sands
arenisca;sandstone
areniscar;sandstone
areniscir;sandstone
arenisco;sandstone
arequipa;arequipa
ares;ares
aresti;aresti
areños;arenos
argamasa;mortar
arganzuela;arganzuela
argelino;algerian
argentina;argentina
argentino;argentinian
argentinos;argentines
argi;argi
argo;long
argonne;argonne
argos;argus
arguir;argue
argumedo;argued
argumentación;argumentation
argumentar;to argue
argumentario;argumentative
argumente;argue
argumento;plot
argumentos;arguments
argüello;argue
arias;arias
aridez;barrenness
ariel;ariel
arillo;ring
arista;edge
aritmética;arithmetic
aritmético;arithmetic
ariya;ariya
arizona;arizona
arizu;arizu
ariñez;affinity
arkansas;arkansas
arkitektar;arkitektar
arm;arm
arma;weapon
armadas;armed
armado;armed
armador;owner
armadores;shipowners
armadura;armor
armamento;armament
armamentístico;armament
armando;arming
armani;armani
armar;to assemble
armario;wardrobe
armas;weapons
armendáriz;armendariz
armengol;armengol
armenia;armenia
armenteros;armorers
armitage;armitage
armonir;harmonize
armonización;harmonization
armonizado;harmonized
armonizar;harmonize
armonía;harmony
armour;armor
armourite;armorite
armstrong;armstrong
arnaiz;arnaiz
arnau;arnau
arnaud;arnaud
arne;arne
arnedo;arnedo
arnm;mrna
arnoia;arnoia
arnold;arnold
aro;ring
aroa;aroma
arochena;arochena
aroma;smell
aromatizado;flavored
aromatizar;aromatize
aromático;aromatic
arope;arope
around;around
arpillera;burlap
arpillero;burlap
arq;arch
arqueología;archeology
arqueológico;archaeological
arquetipo;archetype
arqueólogo;archaeologist
arquitect;architect
arquitecta;architect
arquitectar;architect
arquitectes;architects
arquitecto;architect
arquitectos;architects
arquitectura;architecture
arquitectónica;architectural
arquitectónico;architectural
arraigado;ingrained
arraigar;ingrain
arraigo;rooting
arranca;starts
arrancado;ripped off
arrancar;start up
arrancarer;start up
arranque;start
arranqué;start
arrasado;swept away
arrasar;raze
arrastrado;dragged
arrastrar;drag
arrastrarlo;drag it
arrastre;drag
arrastrero;trawler
arrastrir;drag
arratibel;arratibel
arrea;drive
arrebatado;snapped up
arrecif;reef
arrecife;reef
arreglar;arrange
arreglo;arrangement
arregui;i fixed
arreir;arreir
arrendamiento;lease
arrepentimiento;repentance
arrepientar;repent
arrepientir;repent
arrestar;arrest
arresto;arrest
arribas;you arrive
arribo;arrival
arriesgado;risky
arriesgar;risk
arriesgar yo;risk me
arrigo;arrigo
arrimadas;leaning against
arrinconado;cornered
arrinconamiento;cornering
arrinconar;corner
arriola;arriola
arriv;arrived
arrive;arrive
arriésgate;take a chance
arrocera;rice cooker
arrojar;throw
arropado;tucked in
arropar;clothe
arroutadas;arrouted
arroyo;stream
arroz;rice
arruga;wrinkle
arrugado;wrinkled
arruinar;spoil
arsenal;arsenal
arsht;arsht
arsys;arsys
arsénico;arsenic
art;art
artana;artana
arte;art
artefacto;artifact
arteixo;arteixo
artemis;artemis
artemisan;artemisan
arteria;artery
artes;arts
artesana;craftswoman
artesanal;craft
artesanalmente;handcrafted
artesano;craftsman
artesanía;craft
artesán;craft
arthur;arthur
article;article
articulación;joint
articulado;articulate
articulador;articulator
articular;articulate
artiem;artiem
artificial;artificial
artificialmente;artificially
artificio;artifice
artigas;artigas
artillería;artillery
artilugio;contraption
artista;artist
artritis;arthritis
arts;arts
arturo;arthur
artzyeli;artzyeli
artículo;article
artífice;architect
artístico;artistic
arup;arup
aryn;aryn
arzak;arzak
arábiguir;arabic
arándano;blueberry
as;ace
asa;handle
asada;roast
asadir;spit
asado;roast
asador;spit
asalariado;salaried
asalariar;hire
asalto;assault
asamblea;assembly
asas;handles
asc;asc
ascasam;ascasam
ascendente;upward
ascender;ascend
ascensión;ascension
ascenso;ascent
ascensor;lift
ascensores;elevators
ascolani;ascolani
asea;clean
aseafi;aseafi
asediada;besieged
asediar;besiege
asegurado;insured
aseguradora;insurance carrier
aseguramiento;assurance
asegurar;secure
asegurar tú;secure you
asegurar yo;assure me
asegurarno;make sure
asegúratir;make sure
asemejar;resemble
asentado;settled
asentamiento;settlement
asentamientos;settlements
asentar;settle
aseo;cleanliness
asequibilidad;affordability
asequibl;affordable
asequible;affordable
aserradero;sawmill
aserrín;sawdust
asesinado;murdered
asesinar;murder
asesinato;murder
asesino;assassin
asesoer;advise
asesor;adviser
asesora;advises
asesoramiento;advice
asesorar;advise
asesoría;advisory
asestar;deal
asevera;asserts
aseverar;assert
asfaltado;asphalted
asfaltar;asphalt
asfalto;asphalt
asfixiado;suffocated
asfixiar;asphyxiate
asg;asg
ashdown;ashdown
ashley;ashley
ashotel;ashotel
asia;asia
asidero;handle
asiduamente;assiduously
asiente;nods
asiento;seat
asientos;seating
asier;asier
asignación;assignment
asignado;assigned
asignar;to assign
asignatura;course
asignir;assign
asignó;assigned
asilo;asylum
asimetría;asymmetry
asimilar;assimilate
asimile;assimilate
asimismo;likewise
asimétrico;asymmetric
asinteír;nod
asintomático;asymptomatic
asir;grab
asistencia;attendance
asistencial;care
asistencialismo;welfarism
asistente;attendee
asistentes;attendees
asistido;assisted
asistir;attend
asistirir;attend
asistirno;assist us
asistió;attended
asisto;i attend
asiática;asian
asiático;asian
asiáticos;asian
asked;asked
asker;asker
asnef;financial institution
aso;aso
asocia;associates
asociaciones;associations
asociación;association
asociado;associated
asociados;associates
asociar;associate
asociativo;associative
asocien;associate
asociándola;associating it
asocopoazú;asocopoazú
asolado;devastated
asolar;devastate
asomar;show
asombrado;amazed
asombrar;amaze
asombrario;amazing
asombro;astonishment
asombrosamente;surprisingly
asombroso;amazing
aspace;space
aspanri;aspanri
aspanridown;aspanridown
aspar;reel
aspe;aspe
aspecto;appearance
aspectos;aspects
aspiración;aspiration
aspirado;aspirate
aspirador;vaccum cleaner
aspiradora;vacuum cleaner
aspirante;candidate
aspirar;aspire
aspire;aspire
aspirár;aspire
asprima;asprime
asseco;asseco
assessment;assessment
asset;assets
assist;assist
assistant;assistant
associati;associates
association;association
assure;ensure
astara;astara
aster;aster
astesiano;asthesian
astilla;splinter
astillero;shipyard
astilleros;shipyards
astir;astir
astolfi;astolfi
aston;aston
astori;astori
astoria;astoria
astorismo;astorism
astrazeneca;astrazeneca
astrofísico;astrophysicist
astronauta;astronaut
astronómico;astronomical
asturiana;asturian
asturianas;asturian
asturiano;asturian
asturias;asturias
asumible;assumable
asumido;taken
asumir;to assume
asumámoslo;lets face it
asumía;assumed
asunción;assumption
asunto;affair
asuntos;affairs
asusta;scares
asustado;afraid
asustar;frighten
asustir;scare
aséptico;aseptic
asíncrona;asynchronous
at;at
atacama;attackama
atacar;attack
atacarno;attack us
atado;tied
atajar;tackle
atajo;shortcut
atalaya;watchtower
ataque;attack
ataquir;attack
atar;tie
atascar;jam
atasco;jam
ataviado;decked out
atañer;concern
atech;atech
atemporal;timeless
atemporalidad;timelessness
atenazar;pinch
atención;attention
atend;i attended
atendar;attend
atender;attend
atendido;attended
atentado;attempt
atentamente;sincerely
atentar;attack
atento;attentive
atenuación;attenuation
atenuado;attenuated
atenuar;attenuate
aterrador;scary
aterradorar;terrify
aterrizado;landed
aterrizar;to land
aterrizo;i land
atesorar;treasure
atestado;crowded
ateísmo;atheism
atienza;starts
atizar;stir
atlantic;atlantic
atlantis;atlantis
atlas;atlas
atleta;athlete
atletas;athletes
atletismo;athletics
atlántica;atlantic
atlántico;atlantic
atlántida;atlantis
atlântica;atlantica
atlético;athletic
atm;atm
atmos;atmosphere
atmosfera;atmosphere
atmosférico;atmospheric
atmósfera;atmosphere
atmósfero;atmosphere
atocha;atocha
atomation;automation
atomic;atomic
atomizar;atomize
atormentado;tormented
atornillado;bolted
atornillar;screw
atp;atp
atraar;lure
atracción;attraction
atractivo;attractive
atracón;binge
atraer;attract
atrapado;caught
atrapar;catch
atraque;docking
atrasado;late
atraso;backwardness
atravesadosdurante;traversed during
atravesar;cross
atraveír;traverse
através;through
atraído;attracted
atrever;dare
atrevertar;dare
atreveír;dare
atrevida;daring
atrevido;bold
atreviendo yo;daring me
atrevir;dare
atribución;attribution
atribuido;attributed
atribuir;attribute
atributo;attribute
atrio;atrium
atrium;atrium
atrocidad;atrocity
atrofia;atrophy
atropoceno;anthropocene
atroz;atrocious
atrás;behind
attribution;attribution
atudem;atudem
atuendo;attire
atunero;tuna boat
atuneros;tuna boats
atxa;atxa
atípico;atypical
atómico;atomic
atónita;stunned
atónito;amazed
atún;tuna
audacia;audacity
audaz;bold
audi;audi
audiencia;audience
audiencias;hearings
audio;audio
audiovisual;audiovisual
audiovisuales;audiovisual
audit;audit
auditor;auditor
auditori;auditor
auditoria;audit
auditorio;audience
auditoría;audit
auditorías;audits
auge;boom
augmentada;augmented
augurar;augur
augusto;august
aula;classroom
aullido;howl
aumentado;increased
aumentamos;we increase
aumentando;increasing
aumentar;increase
aumentarar;increase
aumentarir;increase
aumente;increase
aumenten;increase
aumentir;increase
aumento;increase
aunado;combined
aunar;join
auparno;help us
aura;aura
aurelio;aurelio
aureus;aureus
auricular;handset
auriculares;headphones
aurora;dawn
ausencia;absence
ausentar;absent
ausente;absent
auspiciado;sponsored
auspiciar;sponsor
auspicio;auspice
aussie;aussie
austeridad;austerity
austero;austere
austin;austin
austral;southern
australia;australia
australiana;australian
australiano;australian
austria;austria
austriaco;austrian
austrias;austria
austrohúngaro;austro-hungarian
autenticación;authentication
autenticidad;authenticity
authentic;authentic
authenticated;authenticated
authority;authority
auto;auto
autoabastecimiento;self-supply
autoajustable;self adjusting
autoaprendizaje;self-learning
autobalance;self balance
autobombo;self-promotion
autobuses;buses
autobús;bus
autocastigo;self punishment
autocensura;self-censorship
autocomplacencia;complacency
autoconciencia;self awareness
autoconocimiento;self knowledge
autoconsumo;self-consumption
autocrítica;self-criticism
autocuidado;self care
autocultivo;self-cultivation
autocumplido;self-fulfillment
autodefensas;self defense
autodefinir;self define
autodenominar;self-name
autodeterminación;self determination
autodidacta;autodidact
autodidactar;autodidact
autodidacto;self taught
autoengañar;self-deceive
autoestima;self esteem
autoexigencia;self-demand
autofinanciable;self-financing
autofinanciación;self-financing
autofinanciado;self financed
autoflagelante;self flagellant
autoflagelar;self-flagellate
autogeneración;self generation
autohinchado;self-inflating
autoimponir;self-impose
autoimpuesta;self imposed
autoinmún;autoimmune
automation;automation
automatismo;automatism
automatización;automation
automatizada;automated
automatizado;automated
automatizar;automate
automedicación;self medication
automedicar;self-medicate
automobiles;automobiles
automoción;automotive
automotor;automotive
automotriz;automotive
automovilismo;motoring
automovilístico;motoring
automáticamente;automatically
automático;automatic
automóvil;car
autonom tú;autonomous you
autonomía;autonomy
autonómicas;autonomous
autonómico;autonomous
autonómicos;autonomous
autoparódico;self-parody
autopercepción;self-perception
autopercibir;self-perceive
autopista;freeway
autoplay;auto play
autoportant;self-supporting
autoproclamar;self proclaim
autor;author
autora;author
autoras;authors
autores;authors
autoridad;authority
autoridades;authorities
autoritario;authoritarian
autoritarismo;authoritarianism
autorización;authorization
autorizado;authorized
autorizar;authorize
autorizo;i authorize
autoro;author
autorregulación;self-regulation
autosoberanir;self-sovereign
autosostenible;self sustaining
autosuficiencia;self reliance
autosuficiente;self-sufficient
autovía;dual carriageway
auténtica;authentic
auténtico;authentic
autònoma;autonomous
autóctona;autochthonous
autóctono;indigenous
autómata;automaton
autónoma;autonomous
autónomas;autonomous
autónomo;autonomous
autónomos;self employed
auxiliar;assistant
auxilio;help
auxina;auxin
av;av
aval;endorsement
avalado;endorsed
avalador;guarantor
avalar;endorse
avalis;endorsement
avalonia;avalonia
avance;advance
avances;progress
avancir;advance
avantis;ahead
avanza;get moving
avanzadilla;outpost
avanzado;advanced
avanzados;advanced
avanzadísima;very advanced
avanzar;move along
avanzaremos;we will move forward
avaricia;avarice
avcoat;avcoat
ave;bird
avecina;looming
avecinar;to come
avecín;coming soon
avelina;hazel
avellana;hazelnut
avellán;hazelnut
avena;oatmeal
avenida;avenue
aventajar;excel
aventar;winnow
aventura;adventure
aventurar;venture
aventuras;adventure
aventurero;adventurous
avenue;avenue
averiguar;figure out
aversión;aversion
aviación;aviation
aviar;avian
aviation;aviation
avifauna;avifauna
avilés;avilés
avis;notify
avisamos;we warn
avisar;warn
aviso;warning
avistamiento;sighting
aviv;aviv
avivar;fuel
aviñón;avignon
avión;airplane
avl;avl
avocación;invocation
avocado;avocado
avolon;avolon
avs;avs
avui;avui
avén;aven
avícola;poultry
awali;wali
award;awards
awards;awards
awasi;awasi
away;away
awc;awc
aws;wow
axa;axa
axe;ax
axiológico;axiological
axonométrica;axonometric
ayahuasca;ayahuasca
ayala;ayala
ayamonte;ayamonte
ayelén;ayelén
ayer;yesterday
ayerra;yesterday
ayud;help
ayuda;aid
ayudante;assistant
ayudar;help
ayudar yo;help me
ayudarar;help
ayudarer;help
ayudarno;help us
ayudarte;help you
ayude;help
ayudo;helped
ayudándola;helping her
ayuntamiento;town hall
ayuntmaiento;town hall
ayuso;help
ayúdame;help me
ayúdano;help us
ayúdenme;help me
azabache;jet
azar;random
azaroso;random
aznar;aznar
azofra;crocus
azores;azores
azotado;whipped
azotar;spank
azotea;rooftop
azoulay;azoulay
azoury;azury
azucarado;sugary
azucena;lily
azufre;sulfur
azul;blue
azulado;bluish
azulejo;tile
azulgrana;blaugrana
azuqueca;sugar
azure;azure
azuzar;tease
azúcar;sugar
aãºn;still
ação;action
aéreas;aerial
aéreo;aerial
aído;aido
aísa;aísa
aíslo;isolate
aïgues;aïgues
aðalmundsson;aðalmundsson
añad;add
añada;to nothing
añadar;swimming
añadido;added
añadir;add
añadirla;add it
añito;year
año;year
años;years
aúna;still
aúnar;join
aüakt;aüakt
ba;ba
baan;baan
babiano;babiano
baby;baby
baca;roof
bacalao;cod
bach;bach
bache;bump
bachelet;bachelet
bachillerato;high school
backend;backend
bacon;bacon
bacorelle;bacorelle
bacteria;bacterium
bacteriana;bacterial
bactericido;bactericidal
bacterián;bacterian
badajoz;badajoz
badou;badou
baelo;dance
baena;baena
bagaje;baggage
bagdad;baghdad
baggio;baggio
bagnasco;bagnasco
bagá;bagá
bahama;bahamas
bahey;bahey
bahréin;bahrain
baht;baht
bahía;bay
bailar;dance
baile;dance
bailey;bailey
bain;bathroom
baiocchi;baiocchi
baix;low
baixa;low
baixas;low
baja;short
bajada;descent
bajamar;low tide
bajar;go down
bajarlo;put it down
bajo;bass
bajos;low
bajrami;bajrami
bajáramos;lets go down
bajísima;very low
bajón;bassoon
baker;baker
bala;bullet
balance;balance
balancea;swings
balanceado;balanced
balanza;balance
balanzar;balance
balarezo;shot
balbisiana;balbisiana
balboa;balboa
balcánico;balkan
balcón;balcony
balda;shelf
baldajos;buckets
balde;pail
baldeo;washdown
baldosa;tile
baldío;wasteland
balear;balearic
baleares;balearics
balearia;balearia
balearización;bullets
balears;balearics
baleària;balearia
bali;bali
balinés;balinese
balizarno;mark us
baljarg;baljarg
ballabriga;ballabriga
ballena;whale
ballestero;crossbowman
ballesteros;crossbowmen
ballet;ballet
balneario;spa
balo;bath
baloncesto;basketball
balones;balls
balonmano;handball
balsa;raft
balvin;balvin
balzac;balzac
balzay;balzay
balístico;ballistic
balón;ball
bambalina;border
bambú;bamboo
bamford;bamford
bamidele;bamidele
ban;ban
banalizar;trivialize
banalizarla;trivialize it
banano;banana
banc;bank
banca;banking
bancada;bench
bancaire;banking
bancaria;banking
bancarias;banking
bancario;banking
bancarización;bankarization
bancarizada;banked
bancarizado;banked
banchs;benches
banco;bank
bancos;banks
banda;band
bandazo;lurch
bandeja;tray
bandera;flag
bando;side
baneira;baneira
banff;banff
bangkok;bangkok
bangladesh;bangladeshi
bangladés;bangladesh
bank;bank
bankia;bankia
banking;banking
bankinter;bankinter
banquero;banker
banquete;feast
bao;beam
baqueira;baqueira
baqué;baqué
bar;bar
barack;barack
baraja;deck of cards
barajas;decks
barandiarán;they will rail
baratar;cheapen
barato;cheap
barba;beard
barbados;barbados
barbancho;barbancho
barbanza;beard
barbaridad;barbarity
barbarie;barbarism
barbate;barbate
barberá;barber
barbería;barbershop
barbieri;barbieri
barbosa;barbosa
barbulla;chin
barbón;bearded
barca;boat
barcelona;barcelona
barceloneandir;barceloneandir
barcelonés;barcelonian
barceló;barceló
barclays;barclays
barco;boat
bardem;bardem
bardo;bard
bareiní;bahraini
baremo;scale
barequea;barequea
barequeir;barefoot
barequera;barequera
bareto;bareto
bari;bari
baritenor;baritenor
barmar;barmar
barna;barna
barneda;barneda
barnev;barnev
barniz;varnish
barquera;boatwoman
barquillo;wafer
barquito;little boat
barra;bar
barrabasada;evil thing
barrameda;barrameda
barranco;ravine
barranquilla;barranquilla
barrasa;barrasa
barredo;sweeping
barreiro;sweeper
barrer;sweep
barrera;barrier
barrial;neighborhood
barrica;cask
barriga;belly
barril;barrel
barrio;neighborhood
barrios;neighborhoods
barrié;i swept
barro;mud
barroco;baroque
barros;muds
barroso;muddy
barry;barry
bart;bart
bartolomé;bartholomew
barãº;barãº
barça;barca
baréin;bahrain
barítono;baritone
barómetro;barometer
barón;baron
bas;bas
basada;based
basado;based
basal;basal
basalt;basalt
basalto;basalt
basandir;basandir
basar;base
bascones;bascones
bascular;tilt
base;base
based;based
basen;basen
bases;bases
basf;basf
basic;basic
basically;basically
basics;basics
basilea;basel
basilio;basil
basket;basketball
basque;basque
basquevolt;basquevolt
bassett;bassett
basta;enough
bastante;quite
bastar;be enough
basura;trash
basándono;basing ourselves
basándonos;basing ourselves
batacazo;bump
batalla;battle
batallar;battle
batar;beat
batata;sweet potato
batería;drums
baterías;batteries
batet;batet
batey;batey
bath;bathroom
batido;smoothie
batidora;blender
batir;shake
batirl;batirl
batkin;batkin
batlló;batlló
batman;batman
battambang;battambang
battanbang;battanbang
battery;battery
batuta;baton
bauer;bauer
bauhaus;bauhaus
baumannii;baumannii
bautismo;baptism
bautista;baptist
bautizado;baptized
bautizar;baptize
bautizo;christening
bauwelt;bauwelt
baviera;bavaria
bay;bay
bayarte;bayarte
bayas;berries
bayona;bayonne
bayt;bayt
bayón;bayon
baza;asset
bazaiba;bazaiba
bazar;bazaar
bañar;bath
bañares;bathe
bañera;bathtub
baño;bath
baños;toilets
bañuelos;banuelos
baúl;trunk
bbc;bbc
bbdd;bbdd
bbva;bbva
bce;ecb
bcg;bcg
bcn;bcn
bcorp;bcorp
bcra;bcra
bcu;bcu
bd;bd
be;baby
beach;beach
bear;bear
beast;beast
beat;beat
beato;blessed
beatriz;beatrice
beats;beats
beaune;beaune
beauty;beauty
beaver;beaver
bebemos;we drink
beber;to drink
bebida;beverage
bebidas;beverages
bebo;drink
bebé;baby
beca;scholarship
becar;scholarship
becas;scholarships
beceite;beceite
becerra;calf
becerro;calf
becquerel;becquerel
bedia;bedia
bedogni;bedogni
begoña;begonia
beige;beige
beigir;beige
beijing;beijing
being;being
beingolea;beingolea
beirak;beirak
beirán;beiran
bejarano;bejarano
bejo;bejo
belaunde;belaunde
belausteguigoitia;belausteguigoitia
belcher;belcher
belen;belen
belga;belgian
beli;beli
belice;belize
belicista;warmonger
beligerante;belligerent
belinda;belinda
bella;beautiful
bellas;beautiful
bellaterra;bellaterra
bellavista;beautiful view
belleza;beauty
bellido;beautiful
bello;beautiful
bellota;acorn
bells;bells
bellver;bellver
bellísimo;beautiful
belmonte;belmonte
beltrán;beltran
belvís;belvis
belén;belen
bemol;flat
ben;ben
benancio;benance
benavides;benavides
benbeniste;benbeniste
benchmark;benchmark
bendición;blessing
bendita;blessed
bendito;blessed
benefactor;benefactor
beneficencia;charity
beneficeír;benefit
beneficiada;benefited
beneficiado;benefited
beneficiar;benefit
beneficiaries;beneficiaries
beneficiario;beneficiary
beneficiarno;benefit us
beneficiaro;beneficiary
beneficie;benefit
beneficien;benefit
beneficio;benefit
beneficios;benefits
beneficioso;beneficial
beneixama;beneixama
benejúzar;benejúzar
benessere;benessere
benet;benet
beneyto;beneyto
benferri;benferri
benfica;benfica
bengoetxea;bengoetxea
beniarrés;beniares
benidoleig;benidoleg
benidorm;benidorm
benifato;benifato
benigembla;benigembla
benigno;benign
benijófar;benijofar
benilloba;benilloba
benillup;benillup
benimantell;benimantell
benimassot;benimassot
benimeli;benimel
benitatxell;benitatxell
benito;benedict
benjamin;benjamin
benjamín;benjamin
benny;benny
benteler;benteler
benue;good
benz;benz
benzema;benzema
benzodiacepina;benzodiazepine
benéfico;beneficial
ber;see
berasategui;berasategui
berbiela;berbiela
berdonces;berdonces
berengué;bringue
berenjena;eggplant
berensztein;berensztein
berg;berg
berga;berga
bergamo;bergamo
bergman;bergmann
berkoff;berkoff
berlanga;berlanga
berlina;sedan
berlín;berlin
bermuda;bermuda
bermãºdez;bermãºdez
bermúdez;bermudez
berna;bern
bernabé;barnabas
bernal;bernal
bernard;bernard
bernardo;bernard
bernetti;bernetti
bernárdez;bernardez
berretini;berrettini
berria;berry
bershka;bershka
berto;berto
bertomeu;bertomeu
bertran;bertran
beruete;beruete
besar;kiss
beso;kiss
best;best
bestia;beast
bestial;bestial
bestio;beast
bestseller;best-seller
beta;beta
betacaroteno;beta carotene
betevé;beteve
beti;beti
betterfly;betterfly
betterseeds;betterseeds
bev;bev
beverage;beverage
beyoncé;beyonce
beyond;beyond
bezadibrato;bezafibrate
bezerra;calf
bezos;bezos
bezoya;bezoya
bhutan;bhutanese
bialetti;bialetti
bianchi;bianchi
biar;biar
biarritz;biarritz
biathlon;biathlon
biatlón;biathlon
bib;baby
bibi;bibi
bibiana;bibiana
bibiloni;bibiloni
biblioteca;library
bibliotecas;libraries
bibliotrueque;book barter
bicameral;bicameral
bicentenario;bicentennial
bicester;bicester
bichopalo;stick-bug
bici;bike
bicicleta;bike
bicimad;bicimad
bicis;bikes
bicubik;bicubik
bid;bid
biden;biden
bidenflación;bidenflation
bidireccional;bidirectional
bielorrusia;belarus
bien;right
bienal;biennial
bienes;estate
bienestar;wellness
bienvenida;welcome
bienvenidas;welcome
bienvenido;welcome
bienvenidos;welcome
bienvenir;welcome
biestrellado;bi-starred
big;big
bigastro;bigastro
biggin;biggin
bigote;moustache
bigster;bigster
bijuesca;bijuesca
bike;bicycle
biker;biker
bilateral;bilateral
bilbao;bilbao
bilbaína;bilbao
bilbaíno;bilbao
bildt;bildt
bildu;bildu
bilingüe;bilingual
bill;bill
billete;ticket
billetera;wallet
billetes;tickets
billionaires;billionaires
billions;billions
billy;billy
billón;billion
bilson;bilson
bimba;bimba
bimbo;bimbo
bin;bin
binacional;binational
binariar;binary
bing;bing
binotto;binotto
bio;bio
bioactive;bioactive
bioalverde;bioalverde
bioclimático;bioclimatic
biocombustibl;biofuel
biocombustible;biofuel
bioconservación;biopreservation
biocontrol;biocontrol
biocorredor;biocorridor
biodegradabl;biodegradable
biodegradable;biodegradable
bioderecho;biolaw
biodigestor;biodigester
biodinámica;biodynamic
biodinámico;biodynamic
biodisponibilidad;bioavailability
biodiversa;biodiverse
biodiversidad;biodiversity
bioenergía;bioenergy
biofarmacéutico;biopharmaceutical
biofertilizant;biofertilizer
biofibra;biofiber
biofílico;biophilic
biofísico;biophysical
biografía;biography
biogénica;biogenic
bioindicador;bioindicator
bioingeniería;bioengineering
biological;biological
biology;biology
biología;biology
biológica;biological
biológicamente;biologically
biológico;biological
biomarcador;biomarker
biomasa;biomass
biomedicina;biomedicine
biometano;biomethane
biomédica;biomedical
bionic;bionic
biopolímero;biopolymer
bioquímica;biochemistry
biorresiduo;biowaste
biosanitario;biosanitary
bioscore;bioscore
bioseguridad;biosecurity
biosentinel;biosentinel
biosfera;biosphere
biosistemas;biosystems
biosostenibl;biosustainable
biosostenible;biosustainable
biosphere;biosphere
biotecnología;biotechnology
biotecnológica;biotechnological
biotecnológico;biotechnological
bipolar;bipolar
birch;birches
bird;bird
birdlife;bird life
birmingham;birmingham
bisila;bisila
bistec;steak
bistró;bistro
bisturí;scalpel
bitar;bitar
bitono;duotone
bittor;bittor
bituminosa;bituminous
bivalvo;bivalve
bixagu;bixagu
bizarra;bizarre
bizcocho;biscuit
bizkaia;bizkaia
bién;right
bióloga;biologist
biólogo;biologist
biólogos;biologists
bjarke;bjarke
black;black
blackfriday;black friday
blanc;white
blanca;white
blancas;white
blancke;blancke
blanco;white
blandiblú;slimeball
blandir;brandish
blando;soft
blanqueamiento;whitening
blanquear;whiten
blanqueo;whitening
blas;blah
blau;blau
blender;blender
bleu;blue
blindaje;armor
blindar;shield
blinken;blinken
bliss;bliss
block;blocks
blockchain;blockchain
blocked;blocked
bloco;block
blog;blog
blogs;blogging
bloguero;blogger
blokchain;blockchain
bloomberg;bloomberg
bloque;block
bloqueado;locked
bloquear;block
bloquen;block
bloqueo;blocking
blue;blue
bluebell;bluebell
bluemedia;bluemedia
bluetooth;bluetooth
bluetti;bluetti
bluexp;bluexp
bláquez;blaquez
bme;bme
bmw;bmw
bnext;bnext
bng;bng
bny;bny
boadilla;boadilla
board;board
boards;boards
boaventura;boaventura
bob;bob
boba;silly
bobada;nonsense
bobby;bobby
bobes;bobes
boca;mouth
bocadillo;snack
bocado;bite
bocanegra;black mouth
bocas;mouths
bocata;sandwich
boccia;boccia
bocco;mouth
boceto;sketch
bocina;horn
bock;bock
boda;wedding
bodega;cellar
bodegas;cellars
bodego;cellar
bodeguero;grocer
bodegón;still life
boeing;boeing
bogorodskiy;bogorodskiy
bogotano;bogotano
bogotá;bogota
boh;boh
boicotear;boycott
boira;boira
boise;boise
boix;box
bokoko;bokoko
bola;ball
bolado;ballad
boleto;ticket
boletus;boletus
boletín;bulletin
bolita;pellet
bolivia;bolivia
boliviano;bolivian
bollain;bollain
bollería;pastries
bollmann;bollmann
bolonia;bologna
boloñés;bolognese
bolsa;bag
bolsillo;pocket
bolso;handbag
bolsonaro;bolsonaro
bolsón;bag
boluda;boluda
bolulla;ball
bolígrafo;ballpoint
bomba;bomb
bombardeado;bombed
bombardear;to bomb
bombardeo;bombing
bombay;mumbai
bombear;pump
bombeo;pumping
bombero;fireman
bomberos;firemen
bombilla;light bulb
bombón;chocolate
bonamb;bonamb
bonanza;bonanza
bonato;nice
bondad;goodness
bondadoso;kind
bonell;bonell
boniato;sweet potato
bonificación;bonus
bonificar;meliorate
bonito;nice
bonmatí;bonmati
bonn;bonn
bonnet;bonnet
bono;bond
bonsái;bonsai
book;books
boom;boom
boonen;boonen
bootcamp;boot camp
bootcamps;bootcamps
boquería;boqueria
boquerón;anchovy
boquilla;nozzle
bora;bora
boragó;boragó
borao;borao
borda;rail
bordado;embroidery
borde;edge
bordeir;bordeir
bordelaise;bordeaux
borders;borders
bordo;board
borgen;borgin
borges;borges
borgetti;borgetti
boric;boric
boris;boris
borja;borja
born;born
borrador;eraser
borrar;erase
borrasca;storm
borrell;borrell
borromeo;borromean
borrás;you delete
bosch;bosch
bosco;forest
boscomartín;boscomartin
boseman;boseman
boshua;boshua
bosnia;bosnian
bosniaco;bosnian
bosnio;bosnian
bosqu;forest
bosque;forest
bosques;forests
boss;boss
bostezo;yawn
boston;boston
boswell;boswell
boswellia;boswellia
bot;bot
bota;boot
botar;throw
botas;boots
botella;bottle
botellín;bottle
botiga;booty
botines;ankle boots
bottas;boots
botto;bottom
botánico;botanical
botín;swag
botínpresidenta;bootypresident
botón;button
boudewijn;boudewijn
boundary;boundary
boutique;store
bouwtechniek;bouwtechniek
boveda;vault
bovina;bovine
bovino;bovine
bowers;bowers
box;box
boxeador;boxer
boxeo;boxing
boy;boy
boí;boí
bpa;bpa
bps;bps
bradley;bradley
braga;panty
brake;brake
bramar;roar
brand;brand
branded;branding
brands;brands
brandstaetter;brandstaetter
brandt;brandt
brandwatch;brand watch
brasa;ember
brasil;brazil
brasileño;brazilian
brasilia;brasilia
braulio;braulio
braun;brown
brava;brava
brave;brave
braverman;braveman
bravo;bravo
bravuconada;bravado
brawn;brown
brazalete;bracelet
brazo;arm
brc;brc
break;break
brecha;gap
brechas;gaps
breeam;bream
breeze;breeze
breillad;breillad
brendan;brendan
brendemühl;brendemühl
brescó;snapped
bresnik;bresnik
bretaña;brittany
brett;brett
bretton;bretton
breve;brief
brexit;brexit
brick;brick
bricker;bricker
bridge;bridge
brillante;sparkly
brillar;shine
brillo;brightness
brin;brin
brindar;to make a toast
brindir;toast
brindley;brindley
brindos;toasts
bring;bring
brioch;brioch
brioche;brioche
british;british
britos;britos
britt;britt
británica;british
británicas;british
británico;british
brizy;brizy
broche;brooch
brocheta;skewer
brock;brook
broken;broken
broma;joke
bromeaba;i was joking
bromear;kidding
bronca;row
bronce;bronze
bronx;bronx
brooklyn;brooklyn
brooks;brooks
brotar;to sprout
brote;outbreak
brotes;buds
brothers;brothers
brown;brown
browne;brownie
brta;brta
bruja;witch
brujo;sorcerer
brunch;brunch
brunchs;brunches
brundtland;brundtland
brunet;brunette
bruni;bruni
bruno;bruno
brunéi;brunei
bruscamente;abruptly
brusco;rude
bruselas;brussels
brutal;brutal
brutalista;brutalist
bruto;rough
brían;brian
brócoli;broccoli
bróker;broker
bsc;bsc
bsh;bsh
bsnoffee;banoffee
bstartup;bstartup
btob;btb
btt;mtb
buades;buades
buale;buale
bucarest;bucharest
bucay;bucay
bucear;diving
buceo;diving
buckingham;buckingham
bucle;loop
buda;buddha
budapest;budapest
buddhist;buddhist
budismo;buddhism
budista;buddhist
budó;budo
buelna;buena
buenafuente;good source
buenamentar;good feeling
buenaventura;good fortune
buenaño;good year
buenísimo;terrific
buey;ox
bueyes;oxen
bufanda;scarf
buffet;buffet
buffon;jester
buffés;buffets
bufé;buffet
bufón;jester
bug;bug
bugnion;bugion
bugui;boogie
builder;builder
building;building
buildingcenter;buildingcenter
buitr;vulture
buitre;vulture
bulevar;boulevard
bulgaria;bulgaria
bulgur;bulgur
bull;bull
bullard;bullard
bulliciosa;bustling
bullicioso;bustling
bullir;boil
bullrich;bullrich
bullying;bullying
bulo;hoax
bundesbank;bundesbank
bundeskanzler;bundeskanzler
bundesliga;bundesliga
buniel;buniel
buque;vessel
burbank;burbank
burbuja;bubble
bureau;bureau
burela;burella
burgalés;burgos
burger;burger
burgos;burgos
burguesía;bourgeoisie
burgués;bourgeois
burke;burke
burla;derision
burlador;mocker
burlar;outwit
burning;burning
burns;burns
burocracia;bureaucracy
burocrático;bureaucratic
burrata;burrata
burroughs;burroughs
bursátil;stock market
burócrata;bureaucrat
bus;bus
busardo;buzzard
busca;search
buscado;wanted
buscador;seeker
buscando;searching
buscar;search
buscarte;look for you
buscarã;search
buscaríir;seek to go
buscastell;busstell
buscár;search
bush;bushes
business;business
businessinfact;businessinfact
busqu;i searched
busquen;look for
bustabad;bustabad
bustamante;bustamante
busto;bust
busup;busup
but;but
butler;butler
butti;butti
button;button
bután;bhutan
buy;buy
buzz;buzz
buzón;mailbox
bwt;bwt
by;by
byass;byass
bypass;bypass
byron;byron
bàrbara;barbara
báltica;baltic
bálticos;baltics
bárbara;barbara
báscula;weighing machine
básica;basic
básicamente;basically
básico;essential
béarnaisar;béarnaisar
béart;beart
bélgica;belgium
bélico;warlike
bérénice;berenice
bóveda;vault
búho;owl
búnker;bunker
búsqueda;search
ca;ac
cab;cab
caba;cabin
cabal;exact
caballa;mackerel
caballeriza;stable
caballero;knight
caballeros;gentlemen
caballito;little horse
caballo;horse
cabané;cabane
cabaña;cabin
cabañas;cabins
cabe;fits
cabecear;head
cabecera;headboard
cabellera;hair
cabello;hair
caber;to fit
cabeza;head
cabezal;head
cabezales;heads
cabezudo;big head
cabezón;pigheaded
cabida;room
cabify;cabify
cabildo;town hall
cabin;cabin
cabina;cabin
cable;cable
cabo;cape
cabos;capes
cabra;goat
cabras;goats
cabrear;pissing off
cabreo;anger
cabrera;cabrera
cabrerizo;goatherd
cabrón;dumbass
cabú;caboo
cac;cac
cacahuate;peanut
cacao;cocoa
cachar;catch
cacho;chub
cacique;cacique
cactus;cactus
cadena;string
cadencia;cadence
cadera;hip
cadmio;cadmium
caducado;timed out
caducar;expire
caducidad;expiration
caduco;deciduous
caducó;deciduous
caeiro;caeiro
caer;fall
caf;coffee
cafetera;coffee maker
cafetero;coffee maker
cafetería;cafeteria
café;coffee
cafés;cafes
cagar;shit
caguir;shit
cai;i fell
cailón;porpoise
caimán;alligator
cain;cain
cairo;cairo
caixa;box
caixabank;caixabank
caixaforum;caixaforum
caja;cash register
cajoncito;little drawer
cajón;drawer
cal;lime
cala;creek
calabacín;zucchini
calabaza;pumpkin
calabuig;calabuig
caladero;fishing ground
calado;openwork
calafat;calafat
calamar;squid
calambre;electric shock
calar;penetrate
calcetín;sock
calcio;calcium
calculado;calculated
calculadora;calculator
calcular;calculate
calcídica;chalcidic
caldear;warm
caldera;boiler
calderar;boiler
calderón;calderon
caldo;broth
calefacciones;heatings
calefacción;heating
calefactor;heater
caleidoscopio;kaleidoscope
calendario;calendar
calentado;heated
calentador;heater
calentamiento;heating
calentar;to warm
calentarla;heat the
calentita;warm
calentito;warm
calibre;caliber
calidad;quality
calidez;warmth
caliente;hot
calificación;qualification
calificada;qualified
calificado;qualified
calificadora;rater
calificar;qualify
california;california
californiana;californian
californiano;californian
calistenia;calisthenics
calixte;calixte
call;call
callaghan;callaghan
callar yo;i shut up
callback;callback
calle;street
callejas;alleys
callejero;street map
callejón;alley
callo;callus
callosa;calloused
calma;calm down
calmar;to calm
calor;heat
caloría;calorie
calorífico;calorific
calp;calp
calpe;calpe
calurosa;hot
calurosamente;warmly
caluroso;warm
calviño;baldheaded
calvo;bald
calza;fit
calzada;road
calzado;footwear
calzar;wear
calzarer;shoe
calçot;socks
calçotada;calçotada
calórico;caloric
cama;bed
camacho;camacho
camachoexpansión;camachoexpansion
camarero;waiter
camargo;camargo
camaronero;shrimp boat
camarot;cabin
camarón;shrimp
camatxo;camatxo
camba;canvas
cambiado;changed
cambiamo;we change
cambiant;changing
cambiante;changing
cambiantes;changing
cambiar;change
cambiaria;would change
cambiario;exchange rate
cambie;change
cambiemos;lets change
cambio;change
cambios;changes
cambié;i changed
camboya;cambodia
cambridge;cambridge
cambrón;shrimp
camello;camel
camerún;cameroon
camilla;stretcher
camilo;camilo
camina;walk
caminar;to walk
camino;road
caminos;roads
camionero;truck driver
camioneta;van
camisa;t-shirt
camiseta;t shirt
camisetas;tshirts
camión;truck
camote;sweet potato
camp;camp
campamento;camp
campana;bell
campanada;bell
campanella;campanella
campanilla;bell
campaña;campaign
campeona;champion
campeonato;championship
campesina;peasant
campesinas;peasant women
campesino;farmer
campezo;peasant
campeón;champion
campillay;campillay
campillo;campillo
camping;camping
campings;campsites
campings ;campsites
campo;countryside
campoamor;campoamor
campofrío;coldfield
campos;fields
campus;campus
camuflaje;camouflage
can;dog
canada;canada
canadiense;canadian
canadá;canada
canal;channel
canales;channels
canalización;canalization
canalizado;channelled
canalizador;channeler
canalizar;channel
canalys;channelys
canaria;canary
canarian;canarian
canarias;canary islands
canarino;canarine
canario;canary
canasta;basket
canasto;basket
cancela;cancel
cancelación;cancellation
cancelamosachileir;cancelamosachileir
cancelar;cancel
cancerígeno;carcinogenic
cancha;basketball court
canciller;chancellor
canción;song
cancook;cancook
cancún;cancun
candanchú;candanchú
candela;candle
candelaria;candlemas
candent;hot
candidata;candidate
candidatas;female candidates
candidato;candidate
candidatura;candidacy
canela;cinnamon
canelón;cannelloni
canet;canet
cangrejo;crab
canguro;kangaroo
canillas;quills
canj;exchange
canje;exchange
canjear;exchange
cannabis;cannabis
cannibal;cannibal
cano;spout
canola;canola
canon;canyon
cans;cans
cansado;tired
cansar;tire out
cantabria;cantabria
cantado;sung
cantal;sing it
cantante;singer
cantar;sing
cantera;quarry
cantero;stonecutter
cantidad;amount
canto;singing
cantos;chants
cantz;cantz
cantábrico;cantabrian
cantón;canton
canvas;canvas
canvi;canvi
canónico;canonical
canónigo;canon
cao;chaos
caos;chaos
caosdiego;chaosdiego
cap;chap
capa;layer
capacidad;ability
capacidades;capabilities
capacitación;training
capacitado;capable
capacitancia;capacitance
capacitar;train
capacity;capacity
caparazón;shell
capas;layers
capaz;capable
capear;weather
capel;capel
capella;cappella
capgemini;capgemini
capita;captain
capital;capital
capitalina;capital
capitalism;capitalism
capitalismo;capitalism
capitalista;capitalist
capitalisto;capitalist
capitalización;capitalization
capitalizado;capitalized
capitalizar;capitalize
capitaneado;captained
capitel;capital
capitol;capital
capitán;captain
caplital;capital
capo;hood
capra;capra
capricho;whim
caprile;caprile
caprio;caprio
capsu;capsule
capsula;capsule
captación;catchment
captado;caught
captadora;catcher
captar;capture
captarás;you will catch
captir;capture
captura;capture
capturado;caught
capturados;captured
capturan;they capture
capturar;capture
capuccini;cappuccini
capucha;hood
capuchón;cap
capítulo;chapter
capó;hood
caquetá;jacket
caqui;khaki
car;car
cara;expensive
carabante;carabant
carabinero;carabineer
carabineros;carabinieri
caracol;snail
caracter;character
caracterizado;characterized
caracterizar;characterize
caracterizo;i characterize
característica;characteristic
característico;characteristic
caramelen;caramelen
caramelizado;caramelized
caravana;caravan
carazo;dude
carbanbezapina;carbamazepine
carbohidrato;carbohydrate
carbon;coal
carbonato;carbonate
carbonell;carbonell
carbonero;titmouse
carbono;carbon
carbonplace;carbonplace
carbonífera;carboniferous
carburante;fuel
carbón;coal
carcasa;case
carcinógeno;carcinogen
carcome;eat away
cardedeu;cardedeu
cardenal;cardinal
cardinal;cardinal
cardiosaludabl;heart healthy
cardiovascular;cardiovascular
cardona;cardona
cardumen;shoal
cardíaco;cardiac
cardón;teasel
care;care
carecar;care
carecer;lack
carefully;carefully
carenado;fairing
carencia;lack
carencial;deficiency
carente;lacking
carera;career
cares;cares
carga;burden
cargadero;loading dock
cargado;loaded
cargador;charger
cargamento;cargo
cargar;carry
cargo;position
carguir;load
caribe;caribbean
caribeño;caribbean
caricom;caricom
caridad;charity
caries;cavities
carisma;charisma
carismático;charismatic
caritativo;charitable
cariz;look
cariño;sweetie
cariñoso;caring
carl;carl
carla;carla
carles;carles
carlo;carlo
carlos;charles
carlota;charlotte
carm;carm
carme;carme
carmela;carmel
carmelo;carmel
carmen;carmen
carmena;carmena
carmencita;carmencita
carmichael;carmichael
carmona;carmona
carnarvon;carnarvon
carne;meat
carnes;meats
carniceer;butcher
carnicero;butcher
carnoso;fleshy
carné;meat
carnívoro;carnivorous
carnós;meats
caro;expensive
carol;carol
carolina;carolina
caroline;caroline
carolyn;carolyn
carone;carone
carotenoid;carotenoid
carpena;carpena
carpeta;binder
carpintería;carpentry
carpio;carpio
carplay;car play
carrefour;carrefour
carrera;race
carreras;careers
carrerilla;running
carrerir;run
carretera;highway
carreteras;roads
carreño;carreno
carriedo;carried
carril;lane
carrillera;cheek piece
carrillo;cheek
carrión;carrion
carro;car
carrocería;bodywork
carréric;carreric
cars;cars
carta;letter
cartagena;cartagena
cartagenero;cartagena
cartaginés;carthaginian
cartago;carthage
cartel;sign
cartelera;billboard
carteles;posters
carter;sump
cartera;purse
carterismo;pickpocketing
carteros;postmen
cartografía;mapping
cartucho;cartridge
cartuja;charterhouse
cartón;paperboard
carvao;carvao
carácter;character
cas;case
casa;house
casabella;beautiful house
casablanca;white house
casadiegos;casadiegos
casado;married
casal;married
casals;casals
casamiento;marriage
casar;marry
casar yo;marry me
casares;marry
casas;houses
casasnovas;casasnovas
cascabel;jingle bell
cascada;waterfall
cascado;cracked
casco;helmet
casen;get married
caser;marry
casera;homemade
casero;home
caset;cassette
caseta;stand
cash;money
casilla;box
casillas;boxes
casillo;box
casino;casino
caso;case
casona;house
cassidy;cassidy
cassigoli;cassigoli
casta;breed
castalla;castilla
castaña;chestnut
castañar;chestnut
castañeda;castaneda
castaño;brown
castell;castle
castellana;castilian
castellano;spanish
castellanomanchego;castellanomanchego
castellanomancheguir;castellanomancheguir
castellanos;castilians
castellar;castellar
castellbisbal;castellbisbal
castells;castells
castelló;castelló
castellón;castellon
castelo;castle
castex;castex
castigado;punished
castigar;punish
castigo;punishment
castilla;castile
castillo;castle
castillos;castles
casting;casting
castizo;castizo
castlefield;castlefield
castrado;castrated
castrar;castrate
castro;castro
casual;casual
casualidad;chance
casualmente;casually
cat;cat
cata;tasting
cataclismos;cataclysms
catalana;catalan
catalina;katherine
catalizador;catalyst
catalizadora;catalyst
catalizar;catalyze
catalogado;cataloged
catalogar;catalog
catalunya;catalonia
cataluña;catalonia
català;catalan
catalán;catalan
catalítico;catalytic
catamarán;catamaran
catapultar;catapult
catapultir;catapult
catar;taste
catarata;waterfall
cataratir;cataract
cataria;cataria
catarí;qatari
catastrazo;cadastrezo
catastrofismos;catastrophisms
catastrofista;catastrophist
catastrófico;catastrophic
catchment;catchment
catedral;cathedral
catedrática;professor
catedrático;professor
categorizarlo;categorize it
categoría;category
categorías;categories
categóricamente;categorically
catenaccio;catenaccio
catering;catering
catherine;catherine
catorce;fourteen
catorceavo;fourteenth
catsharks;catsharks
catuxa;catuxa
catálogo;catalogue
catástrofe;catastrophe
católica;catholic
católico;catholic
católicos;catholics
cauca;cauca
cauce;channel
caucho;rubber
caucásico;caucasian
caudal;flow
caupí;cowpea
caus;cause
causa;cause
causado;caused
causal;causal
causalidad;causality
causalmente;causally
causante;cause
causar;cause
cause;causes
causecentric;causecentric
causer;caused
cautela;caution
cautelar;precautionary
cauteloso;cautious
cautivadoro;captivating
cautivar;captivate
cautivo;captive
cauto;cautious
cavallo;horse
caviar;caviar
cavitación;cavitation
cayetano;cayetano
cayetán;cayetan
cayo;dropped
cayro;fell
cayón;cayon
caza;hunt
cazador;hunter
cazenave;cazenave
cazón;dogfish
caída;drop
caído;fallen
caímos;we fell
caña;cane
cañada;canada
cañas;white hair
cañellas;cañellas
cañitas;straws
cañonero;gunner
caños;pipes
cañón;canyon
caótico;chaotic
cbal;cbal
cbs;cbs
cc;dc
ccc;ccc
cce;scc
cciap;cciap
ccib;ccib
cck;ck
ccl;ccc
cco;bcc
ccoo;ccoo
ccs;ccs
ccss;ccss
cctv;cctv
ccus;ccus
cd;cd
cdata;cdata
cdc;cdc
cdmx;cdmx
cebado;priming
ceballos;ceballos
cebiche;cebiche
cebo;bait
cebolla;onion
cebollar;onion
cebolleto;spring onion
cebollo;onion
cebra;zebra
cebreiro;cebreiro
cebáser;cebaser
ceca;mint
cecilia;cecilia
cecina;dried meat
cecofry;cecofry
cecotec;cecotec
cecu;cecu
cedar;yield
ceder;give
cedida;ceded
cedido;ceded
cedillo;cedillo
cedrion;cedrion
ceed;ceed
ceela;ceela
cefalópodo;cephalopod
cegar;blind
ceguera;blindness
ceiba;kapok
ceibal;ceibal
cejar;give up
celador;watchman
celaya;celaya
celda;cell
celebración;celebration
celebrado;celebrated
celebrar;celebrate
celebrating;celebrating
celebrer;celebrate
celebró;celebrated
celeridad;haste
celia;celia
cell;cell
celler;cellar
celosía;lattice
celsia;celsia
celsius;celsius
celso;celsus
celular;cell phone
celuloide;celluloid
celulosa;cellulose
celulós;cellulos
celíaco;celiac
cementera;cement
cementerio;graveyard
cemento;cement
cemex;cemex
cempasúchil;cempasuchil
cen;dinner
cena;dinner
cenador;arbor
cenar;diner
cendoya;cendoya
cenerentola;cenerentola
cenicienta;cinderella
ceniza;ash
cenote;cenote
censado;registered
censo;census
censores;censors
censos;censuses
censura;censorship
censurado;censored
censurar;censor
censuro;i censor
centavo;penny
centenar;hundred
centenaria;centennial
centenario;centenary
center;center
centos;cents
centrada;centered
centrado;centered
central;central
centralfabián;centralfabián
centralidad;centrality
centralisto;centralist
centralizado;centralized
centralizar;centralize
centralmente;centrally
centramos;we focus
centrar;center
centrar yo;center me
centrarno;focus
centrarã;will focus
centraríar;center
centre;center
centrer;center
centrir;center
centro;center
centroamericana;central american
centroamericano;central american
centroamérica;central america
centroderecha;center right
centroeuropa;central europe
centros;centers
century;century
centígrado;centigrade
centímetro;centimeter
cené;i ate dinner
ceo;ceo
ceoe;ceo
ceoppan;ceoppan
ceos;ceos
cepa;strain
cepal;eclac
cepeda;cepeda
cepesca;cepesca
cepillado;brushed
cepillar;brush
cepillo;brush
cepo;stocks
cepsa;cepsa
cer;cer
cerca;close
cercana;close
cercano;near
cercanía;closeness
cercanías;surroundings
cerco;siege
cerdita;little pig
cerdo;pork
cereal;cereal
cerebral;cerebral
cerebro;brain
ceremonia;ceremony
ceremonial;ceremonial
cermi;cermi
cerner;sift
cernuda;cernuda
cero;zero
cerquitar;fence
cerrada;closed
cerrado;closed
cerrajero;locksmith
cerrajería;locksmith
cerramos;we close
cerrar;to close
cerrir;close
cerro;closed
cerruti;cerrutti
certamen;contest
certero;accurate
certeza;certainty
certidumbre;certainty
certificabl;certifiable
certificación;certification
certificado;certificate
certificar;certify
cervantes;cervantes
cervecera;brewer
cervera;beer
cerveza;beer
cervical;cervical
cerámica;ceramics
cerámicar;ceramic
cerámicas;ceramics
cerámico;ceramic
ces;cease
cesar;cease
cesce;cease
cese;cessation
cesión;assignment
cesta;basket
cet;cet
cetosis;ketosis
cetáceo;cetacean
ceu;ceu
ceuta;ceuta
cev;cev
cevallos;cevallos
ceviche;ceviche
ceviches;ceviche
ceñido;tight
ceñir;gird
cf;cf
cfk;cfk
cgi;cgi
cgpj;cgpj
ch;ch
cha;cha
chacina;chacina
chacón;chacon
chad;chad
chadwick;chadwick
chalana;scow
chaleco;vest
challenge;challenge
challenger;challenger
challenging;challenging
challengir;challenger
chalota;shallot
chamartín;chamartin
chamberí;chamberí
chamorro;chamorro
champagn;champagne
champagne;champagne
champati;champagne
champions;champions
champiñón;mushroom
champán;champagne
champú;shampoo
chamán;shaman
chan;chan
chance;chance
chancellor;chancellor
chanel;chanel
change;change
changes;changes
chantajear;blackmail
chantal;chantal
chanz;chanz
chapa;lock
chapek;chapek
chaplin;chaplin
chapultepec;chapultepec
chapuza;botch
chaqueta;jacket
char;char
char yo;char me
charcutería;delicatessen
charge;charge
chargy;chargy
charla;chat
charlar;to chat
charlatán;charlatan
charles;charles
charlie;charlie
charliebowmar;charliebowmar
charlotte;charlotte
charneco;charneco
charo;charo
charol;patent leather
charrúa;charrúa
charts;charts
chase;chase
chasis;chassis
chassagne;chassagne
chat;chat
chatbot;chatbot
chateau;chateau
chatwithio;chatwithio
chaudhary;chaudhary
chauvinistar;chauvinist
chaves;chaves
chavismo;chavismo
chd;chd
cheat;cheat
checa;czech
checar;check
checho;czech
checked;checked
checo;czech
checoslovaquia;czechoslovakia
cheddar;cheddar
cheese;cheese
chef;chef
chefs;chefs
chello;chello
chem;chem
chema;chema
chenery;chenery
cheng;cheng
cheonggyecheon;cheonggyecheon
chepa;hump
cheptegei;cheptegei
cheque;check
chequeo;check
chermayeff;chermayeff
cherry;cherry
chess;chess
chevron;chevron
chi;chi
chiapas;chiapas
chiappe;chiappe
chica;girl
chicago;chicago
chicane;chicane
chicco;boy
chicharrón;pork rind
chiclana;chiclana
chico;boy
chicoricardo;chicoricardo
chief;boss
chiflado;crackpot
chiflar;whistle
chilaquiles;chilaquiles
child;child
children;children
childrir;childr
chile;chile
chilena;chilean
chileno;chilean
chili;chili
chillón;gaudy
chimaltenango;chimaltenango
chimenea;fireplace
chimeneas;chimneys
chimichurri;chimichurri
china;china
chino;chinese
chip;chip
chipotle;chipotle
chiquita;little girl
chirashi;chirashi
chirimoya;custard apple
chirivir;parsnip
chisco;chico
chisme;gossip
chispa;spark
chispazo;spark
chistorra;chistorra
chií;shia
chocar;crash
choco;crashed
chocolat;chocolate
chocolate;chocolate
chocolateer;chocolatier
chocolatero;chocolatier
chocolateros;chocolatiers
chocolatina;chocolate
chocándome;bumping into me
choi;choy
choice;choice
chollazo;great deal
chollo;plum
chollos;bargains
cholán;cholan
chooka;chooka
chopos;poplars
choque;shock
chorisojo;chorisojo
chorizo;chorizo
chorrada;bullshit
chris;chris
christian;christian
christiana;christiana
christina;christina
christine;christine
christopher;christopher
chrysler;chrysler
chueca;crooked
chuletón;ribeye
chungo;dodgy
chupi;chupi
churro;fritter
chutar;shoot
chándal;tracksuit
chávez;chavez
cházaro;chazar
château;chateau
chícharo;pea
chô;cho
ci;ci
cia;inc
ciarán;ciarán
ciaño;ciano
cib;cib
cibeles;cibeles
ciber;cyber
cibercriminal;cybercriminal
cibercultura;cyberculture
ciberespacio;cyberspace
cibernauta;netizen
cibernético;cybernetic
ciberresiliencia;cyber resilience
ciberseguridad;cybersecurity
cicatriz;scar
cicatrización;cicatrization
cicatrizar;scar
ciclismo;cycling
ciclista;cyclist
ciclo;cycle
ciclos;cycles
ciclovía;bikeway
ciclón;cyclone
cid;cid
cidadania;citizenship
cidade;city
cidob;cidob
cie;cie
ciegamente;blindly
ciegas;blind
ciego;blind
cielo;darling
cien;one hundred
ciencia;science
ciencias;sciences
cientificista;scientist
cientista;scientist
ciento;hundred
cientos;hundreds
científicamente;scientifically
científicas;scientific
científico;scientific
científicos;scientists
ciernar;sift
cierra;close
cierre;closing
ciertamente;certainly
ciervo;deer
cifra;figure
cifrado;encryption
cifrar;code
cigala;crayfish
cigüeña;stork
cilindro;cylinder
cilíndrico;cylindrical
cima;top
cimadevilla;cimadevilla
cimentación;foundation
cimentar;cement
cimiento;foundation
cincuenta;fifty
cincuentenario;fiftieth anniversary
cine;cinema
cineasta;filmmaker
cinematografía;cinematography
cinematográfico;film
cinemática;kinematics
cinemático;cinematic
cines;cinemas
cinismo;cynicism
cinpe;cinpe
cinto;belt
cintura;waist
cinéfilo;cinephile
cionet;cionet
ciotupha;ciotupha
cippec;cippec
circa;circa
circo;circus
circuito;circuit
circula;circulates
circulación;circulation
circulante;circulating
circular;circular
circularidad;circularity
circundante;surrounding
circunnavegación;circumnavigation
circunstancia;circumstance
circunvalación;ring road
cirector;director
cirhot;cirhot
ciriani;ciriani
cirugía;surgery
cirujana;surgeon
cirujano;surgeon
cirujanos;surgeons
cis;cis
cisco;cisco
cise;cise
cisjordania;west bank
cisneros;cisneros
cisterna;tank
cita;date
citación;citation
citado;aforementioned
citar;quote
citi;city
citibanamex;citibanamex
citican;citican
cities;cities
citronella;citronella
citroën;citroen
citrusad;citrusad
citta;citta
city;city
cité;i quoted
ciudad;city
ciudadana;citizen
ciudadano;citizen
ciudadanos;citizens
ciudadanía;citizenship
ciudades;cities
ciutat;city
civil;civil
civilización;civilization
civilizar;civilize
civilizatorio;civilizational
civis;civis
civitatis;civitatis
ciñen;girdle
ciñir;girdle
cl;cl
clamar;clamor
clamor;clamor
clan;clan
clandestino;clandestine
clar;clear
clara;clear
claramente;clearly
claridad;clarity
clarity;clarity
clarividente;clairvoyant
clark;clark
claro;sure
clarísima;very clear
clarísimo;very clear
clase;class
clases;lessons
clasicista;classicist
clasificación;classification
clasificado;classified
clasificar;sort out
class;classes
claudia;claudia
claudio;claudio
claustro;cloister
clausura;closure
clausurar;close down
clavado;nailed
clavar;to nail
clave;key code
claver;clove
claves;keys
clavijo;peg
clavo;nail
clay;clay
clean;clean
cleanmaximiser;cleanmaximiser
clear;clear
clemente;gracious
clements;clements
cleveland;cleveland
cleverley;cleverley
clic;click
clicars;clicks
clichés;cliches
click;click
clicks;clicks
clics;clicks
client;client
cliente;client
clientela;clientele
clientelismo;patronage
clientes;customers
clima;climate
climate;weather
climatetrade;climate trade
climatización;air conditioning
climatizado;air-conditioned
climatizar;climatize
climatología;climatology
climatológico;climatological
climatóloga;climatologist
climatólogo;climatologist
climent;climate
climàtic;climatic
climàtica;climate
climática;climatic
climáticamente;climatically
climáticar;climatic
climático;climate
climáticos;climatic
clinton;clinton
clip;clip
clips;clips
clm;clm
clock;clock
clon;clone
cloro;chlorine
clos;close
closet;closet
cloud;clouds
club;club
clubes;clubs
cluses;classes
cluster;cluster
clusters;clusters
clásico;classic
clásicos;classics
cláusula;clause
clément;clement
clínica;clinic
clínico;clinical
clítoris;clitoris
clúster;cluster
cm;cm
cmaib;cmaib
cmf;cmf
cmnucc;nucc
cmo;how
cmp;cmp
cnae;cnae
cnc;cnc
cne;cne
cni;cni
cnica;cynical
cnmv;cnmv
cnn;cnn
cnpf;cnpf
co;co
coacción;coercion
coach;coach
coaching;coaching
coadyuvir;assist
coag;coag
coahuila;coahuila
coahuilense;coahuilense
coalición;coalition
coalition;coalition
coalla;koalla
coam;coam
coartada;alibi
coates;coates
coautor;co-author
cobalamina;cobalamin
cobalto;cobalt
cobarde;coward
cobertura;coverage
cobeta;vat
cobijo;shelter
cobos;cobos
cobrado;charged
cobranza;collection
cobrar;collect
cobre;copper
cobreros;coppersmiths
cobro;payment
coca;coke
cocalera;cocalera
cocar;cook
cocaína;cocaine
cocción;cooking
cocedor;cooker
cocemfe;cocemfe
cocentaina;forty-year-old
coche;car
cochera;garage
cocherasricardir;garagesricardir
coches;cars
cochinillo;pig
cocida;cooked
cocido;cooked
cociente;quotient
cocina;kitchen
cocinado;cooked
cocinamo;we cook
cocinar;cook
cocinas;kitchens
cocinera;cook
cocinerir;cook
cocinero;cook
cocineros;chefs
cocinilla;kitchenette
cocinir;cook
cocinita;kitchenette
cocino;i cook
cociña;kitchen
cociñeiro;cook
cockpit;cockpit
cocktail;cocktail
coco;coconut
cocodrilo;alligator
coctel;cocktail
coctelería;cocktail bar
code;code
codear;hobnob
codicia;greed
codiciado;coveted
codificado;encoded
codificar;encode
codina;codeine
codinma;codinma
codirector;co-director
codirectoro;co-director
codiseñado;co-designed
codo;elbow
codorniz;quail
coe;eat
coeficient;coefficient
coeficiente;coefficient
coello;neck
coen;coen
coercitivo;coercive
coerción;coercion
coescribir;cowrite
coetzee;coetzee
coexistencia;coexistence
coexistir;coexist
cofarta;cofarta
coffee;coffee
cofides;confides
cofinanciación;co-financing
cofinanciar;co-finance
cofr;chest
cofradía;brotherhood
cofradías;brotherhoods
cofre;chest
cofundado;co-founded
cofundador;co-founder
cofundadora;co-founder
coged;take
coger;take
cogestión;co-management
cogido;caught
cogiéndome;fucking me
cognitivo;cognitive
cogollo;heart
coguionista;co-writer
coherencia;coherence
coherente;consistent
coherentemente;coherently
cohesionado;cohesive
cohesionir;unite
cohesiva;cohesive
cohesivo;cohesive
cohesión;cohesion
cohete;rocket
cohorte;cohort
cohortes;cohorts
cohousing;cohousing
coi;coy
coincidencia;coincidence
coincidimos;we agree
coincidir;coincide
coincido;i agree
coincir;match
cojear;limp
cojo;lame
cojín;cushion
coke;coke
cokima;cokima
col;cabbage
cola;tail
colaboración;collaboration
colaborado;collaborated
colaborador;collaborator
colaboradora;collaborator
colaboradoras;collaborators
colaborar;to collaborate
colaborarer;collaborate
colaborativa;collaborative
colaborativo;collaborative
colabore;collaborate
colaborir;collaborate
coladero;strainer
colador;strainer
colapsa;collapses
colapsado;collapsed
colapsar;to collapse
colapse;collapse
colapso;collapse
colar;strain
colateral;collateral
colau;colau
colcha;quilt
colchones;mattresses
colchón;mattress
coldefy;coldefy
coldhubs;coldhubs
cole;school
colección;collection
colectiva;collective
colectivamente;collectively
colectivo;collective
colector;manifold
colega;colleague
colegio;college
coleman;coleman
colesterol;cholesterol
coletazo;lash
colgar;hang
coliflor;cauliflower
colima;colima
colimense;coliman
colina;hill
colindant;adjoining
colindante;adjacent
colisión;collision
coliving;coliving
collaboration;collaboration
collage;collage
collar;necklace
collection;collection
collective;collective
college;college
collegiate;collegiate
colmatado;clogged
colmo;height
colocación;placement
colocado;placed
colocadora;setter
colocar;place
colocándola;placing it
colocándolo;placing it
colofón;colophon
coloma;dove
colombia;colombia
colombiana;colombian
colombiano;colombian
colon;colon
colonia;suburb
colonial;colonial
colonialismo;colonialism
colonización;colonization
colonizar;colonize
coloproctología;coloproctology
coloqu;i placed
coloquial;colloquial
coloquialmente;colloquially
coloquio;colloquium
color;color
colorido;colorful
colorrectal;colorectal
coloso;colossus
columbeta;columbette
columbia;columbia
columbretes;columbretes
columna;column
columnas;columns
columnista;columnist
columnistas;columnists
columpio;swing
coluna;column
colza;rape
colágeno;collagen
colón;colon
com;com
coma;eat
comanche;comanche
comandado;commanded
comandancia;command
comandante;commander
comando;command
comar;eat
comarca;region
comarcal;local
comarcas;counties
combatar;combat
combate;combat
combatir;fight
combativo;combative
combette;combette
combi;bus
combina;combine
combinación;combination
combinado;combined
combinando;combining
combinar;combine
combinir;combine
combustible;gas
combustión;combustion
combín;combine
come;eat
comedia;comedy
comedor;dinning room
comedores;canteens
comedy;comedy
comencer;begin
comensal;diner
comenta;comment
comentar;comment
comentario;comment
comentarios;comments
comentarista;commentator
comentaríar;would comment
comentábar;comment
comenzado;started
comenzar;begin
comenzarer;begin
comenzarã;begin to
comenzó;started
comer;to eat
comer él;eat the
comercial;commercial
comercialización;commercialization
comercializado;commercialized
comercializadora;marketer
comercializar;market
comercializarlo;market it
comerciante;businessman
comerciar;trade
comercio;trade
comerno;eat us
comerás;you will eat
comestibl;edible
comestible;edible
comet;comet
cometer;commit
cometido;task
comfenalco;comphenalco
comfort;comfort
comicio;comic
comics;comics
comida;food
comido;eaten
comience;begin
comiencir;begin
comienza;begins
comienzo;beginning
comienzos;beginnings
comillas;quotation marks
comisaria;police station
comisariado;curated
comisario;commissar
comisionado;commissioner
comisionar;commission
comisiones;commissions
comisión;commission
comiskey;comiskey
comissió;commission
comitiva;retinue
comité;committee
comités;committees
comment;comments
commerce;commerce
commercial;commercial
commercir;trade
commerzbank;commerzbank
committee;committee
commoditi;commodity
common;common
commons;commons
communication;communication
communications;communications
community;community
comodidad;comfort
comodín;wildcard
comodísimo;very comfortable
compacto;compact
compaginar;reconcile
company;company
compar;buy
comparabilidad;comparability
comparable;comparable
comparación;comparison
comparado;compared
comparamos;we compare
comparar;compare
comparativa;comparative
comparativo;comparative
compare;compare
comparecencia;appearance
comparecer;appear
comparegut;comparegut
compartar;share
comparte;share
compartido;shared
compartierar;share
compartimento;compartment
compartir;to share
compartiremos;we will share
compartirla;share it
compartí;shared
compasivo;compassionate
compasión;compassion
compatibilidad;compatibility
compatibilizar;make compatible
compatibilizándolo;making it compatible
compatible;compatible
compatriota;compatriot
compañera;partner
compañero;co-worker
compañía;company
compendio;compendium
compensación;compensation
compensado;compensated
compensados;compensated
compensar;make up for
compensatorio;countervailing
compensándolir;compensating
compesación;compensation
competencia;competition
competencial;competence
competencias;skills
competente;competent
competición;competition
competido;competed
competidor;competitor
competir;to compete
competitiva;competitive
competitividad;competitiveness
competitivo;competitive
compilar;compile
compitiendo;competing
complacencia;complacency
complacer;please
compleja;complex
complejidad;complexity
complejo;complex
complementado;supplemented
complementar;complement
complementariedad;complementarity
complementario;complementary
complementir;complement
complemento;complement
completa;complete
completado;filled
completamente;completely
completamiento;completion
completar;to complete
completir;complete
completo;complete
compliance;compliance
complicación;complication
complicado;complicated
complicadísimo;very complicated
complicar;complicate
complicidad;complicity
complimiento;compliance
complot;plot
complutense;complutense
componente;component
componentes;components
componer;to compose
comportamental;behavioral
comportamiento;behaviour
comportar;behave
comportarno;behave
composer;composer
composición;composition
compositor;composer
compost;compost
compostaje;composting
compostela;compostela
compostura;composure
compra;purchase
comprad;buy
comprado;bought
comprador;buyer
compradora;buyer
compramos;we bought
comprar;to buy
compraremo;we will buy
comprartir;to share
comprarás;you will buy
comprender;understand
comprenderás;you will understand
comprendido;understood
comprensible;understandable
comprensiblemente;understandably
comprensión;comprehension
compresa;compress
compresión;compression
comprimido;compressed
comprimir;compress
comprir;compress
compro;bought
comprobable;ascertainable
comprobación;verification
comprobada;proven
comprobado;checked
comprobar;check
comprobarás;you will check
comprometar;compromise
comprometer;engage
comprometermar;compromise
comprometida;engaged
comprometido;engaged
compromiso;commitment
compromís;you compromise
comprueba;check
compruer;check
comprándolo;buying it
compt;compt
compuerta;gate
compuesto;compound
compuestos;compounds
compulsiva;compulsive
compulsivo;compulsive
computacional;computational
computación;computing
computadora;computer
computadoras;computers
computar;compute
computarizado;computerized
computer;computer
computing;computing
compártelo;share it
compás;compass
comtat;comment
comuna;commune
comunal;communal
comunicaciones;communications
comunicación;communication
comunicado;release
comunicador;communicator
comunicadores;communicators
comunicar;communicate
comunicarno;communicate
comunications;communications
comunición;communication
comunidad;community
comunidades;communities
comunismo;communism
comunista;communist
comunitario;community
comunitat;community
comunión;communion
comía;i used to eat
comíar;eat
común;common
comúnmente;commonly
conapo;conapo
conbici;conbici
concebido;conceived
concebir;conceive
concebí;i conceived
conceder;grant
concedido;granted
concedíar;grant
concejal;councilor
concejala;councilor
concejalía;council
concejo;council
concentración;concentration
concentrado;concentrated
concentrar;concentrate
concentrarno;concentrate
concentrir;concentrate
concepción;conception
concept;concepts
concepto;concept
conceptos;concepts
conceptual;conceptual
concernido;concerned
concernir;concern
concertación;agreement
concertado;concerted
concertar;arrange
concertista;soloist
concesionario;concessionaire
concesionarios;dealers
concesivo;concessive
concesión;concession
concha;shell
concibiéndola;conceiving her
conciencia;awareness
concienciación;awareness
concienciado;aware
concienciador;awareness
concienciadísir;conscientiousness
concienciar;raise awareness
concienciar yo;raise awareness
conciencien;raise awareness
concientizar;make aware
concierto;concert
conciliación;conciliation
conciliar;reconcile
concitir;arouse
concluir;conclude
conclusiones;conclusions
conclusión;conclusion
concluyente;conclusive
concluía;concluded
concluíamo;we concluded
concordar;agree
concorde;agree
concreción;concretion
concreta;concrete
concretamente;specifically
concretar;specify
concretir;concretize
concreto;concrete
concrétame;concretize me
concuerdar;agree
concurrar;attend
concurrencia;concurrence
concurrente;concurrent
concurrido;busy
concurrir;concur
concurso;contest
concéntrese;focus
concéntrica;concentric
condado;county
condal;count
conde;count
condecoración;decoration
condecorar;decorate
condell;countell
condena;sentence
condenabl;damnable
condenado;condemned
condenar;condemn
condesa;countess
condicionado;conditioned
condicionante;conditioning
condicionar;condition
condicionir;condition
condición;condition
condizar;drive
condonación;condonation
condonar;condone
conducción;driving
conducido;driven
conducidopsicoterapeuta;conducted psychotherapist
conducir;ride
conducirir;drive
conducta;conduct
conductividad;conductivity
conducto;conduit
conductor;driver
conductora;driver
conductual;behavioral
conduz;drove
condé;count
conecta;connect
conectado;connected
conectados;connected
conectar;connect
conectarar;connect
conectarno;connect us
conectividad;connectivity
conectivo;connective
conector;connector
conejo;rabbit
conet;cone
conexas;related
conexión;connection
confeccionado;made up
confeccionar;make
confección;making
confedera;confederacy
confederación;confederacy
confederada;confederate
confederal;confederate
conference;talk
conferencia;conference
conferenciante;lecturer
conferir;confer
confesar;to confess
confesiones;confessions
confeír;confess
confiable;trustworthy
confiado;trusted
confiamo;we trust
confianza;confidence
confiar;trust
confiarer;trust
confidencial;confidential
confidencialidad;confidentiality
confierar;confer
config;setup
configuración;setting
configurada;configured
configurado;configured
configurar;set up
configurarlo;configure
confinamiento;lockdown
confirmado;confirmed
confirmar;confirm
confita;confit
confitada;candied
confitura;jam
conflictivo;troubled
conflicto;conflict
confluir;merge
conformación;conformation
conformado;conformed
conformar;shape
conformarno;settle
conformarte;settle
conforme;according
conformidad;accordance
confort;comfort
confortabl;comfortable
confortable;comfortable
confrides;you confide
confrontación;confrontation
confrontar;to confront
confundir;confuse
confusing;confusing
confusión;confusion
confuso;confused
confíar;trust
confíser;confiscate
congela;freezes
congelación;freezing
congelado;frozen
congelador;freezer
congeladores;freezers
congelar;to freeze
congestionada;congested
congestionado;congested
congestión;congestion
conglomerado;conglomerate
congo;congo
congregación;congregation
congregar;congregate
congresista;congressman
congresistas;congressmen
congreso;congress
congresos;conferences
congress;congress
congruencia;congruence
congruente;congruent
congénito;congenital
conicet;conicet
conjugar;combine
conjuntamente;jointly
conjunto;set
conjura;conjure
conjurar;conjure
conla;with the
conllevar;carry
conmemoración;commemoration
conmemorar;commemorate
conmemorativo;memorial
conminar;threaten
conmocionar;shake up
conmovedor;touching
conmovedora;moving
connect;connect
connivencia;collusion
connolly;connolly
connotación;connotation
connotado;connoted
cono;cone
conocedor;knowledgest
conocer;know
conocerás;you will know
conocida;known
conocido;known
conocimiento;knowledge
conocimos;we met
conociérar;meet
conocé;known
conocéi;i met
conocí;i met
conocíamos;we knew
conocíar;know
conoz;know
conozcamos;lets meet
conquista;conquest
conquistado;conquered
conquistador;conqueror
conquistar;to conquer
conquistaría;would conquer
conquistir;conquer
conrado;conrad
consagra;consecrates
consagrado;consecrated
consagrar;consecrate
consagro;consecrate
consciencia;consciousness
consciente;aware
conscientemente;consciously
conscuencia;consequence
consecución;achievement
consecuencia;consequence
consecuente;consequent
consecutivo;consecutive
conseguido;got
conseguir;get
conseguiremo;we will get
conseguiremos;we will get
conseguirás;you will get
conseguíar;get
consejera;counselor
consejero;adviser
consejería;counseling
consejo;tip
consejos;tips
consell;council
conselleira;councilor
conselleiro;councilor
conseller;counselor
consellera;counselor
conselleria;ministry
consellería;ministry
consello;seal
consensar;agree
consenso;consensus
consensuado;consensual
consensuar;agree
consentido;spoiled
consentimiento;consent
consentir;consent
conserva;preserves
conservacionismo;conservationism
conservacionista;conservationist
conservación;conservation
conservado;conserved
conservador;conservative
conservadurismo;conservatism
conservancy;conservancy
conservant;preservative
conservar;keep
conserve;keep
conserve ;keep
conservir;keep
consider;considered
considera;considers
considerable;considerable
considerablemente;considerably
consideración;consideration
considerado;considered
considerar;consider
considerarla;consider it
consideras;do you consider
considerir;consider
considero;considered
considerándola;considering it
consigna;slogan
consignado;consigned
consiguiente;consequent
consiguiero;i got
consistar;consist
consistencia;consistency
consistente;consistent
consistir;consist
consistorio;consistory
consola;console
consolación;consolation
consolidabl;consolidable
consolidación;consolidation
consolidado;consolidated
consolidar;consolidate
consomé;chicken soup
consonancia;consonance
consorci;consortium
consorcio;consortium
consortium;consortia
conspiracionista;conspiracy
conspiración;conspiracy
conspirativa;conspiracy
conspirativo;conspiratorial
const;const
constancia;constancy
constante;constant
constantemente;constantly
constanza;constance
constar;record
constatación;verification
constatada;verified
constatar;note
consternado;dismayed
constitucional;constitutional
constituciones;constitutions
constitución;constitution
constituido;constituted
constituir;make up
constitutivo;constitutive
constituyente;constituent
construcción;building
construction;building
constructivismo;constructivism
constructivo;constructive
constructor;builder
constructora;construction company
construido;built
construir;build up
construirir;build
construyes;you build
construyéndolo;building it
consular;consular
consulta;query
consultado;consulted
consultancy;consulting
consultant;consultant
consultar;consult
consulte;consult
consulting;consulting
consultor;consultant
consultora;consultant
consultorar;consult
consultorio;consulting room
consultoría;consultancy
consumado;accomplished
consumar;consummate
consumer;consumer
consumida;consumed
consumido;consumed
consumidor;consumer
consumidora;consumer
consumidores;consumers
consumimos;we consume
consumir;consume
consumismo;consumerism
consumista;consumerist
consumo;consumption
consuno;consumption
consúltense;consult each other
consúltese;consult
contabilidad;accounting
contabilidade;accounting
contabilización;accounting
contabilizar;to record
contact;contact
contactar;contact
contactarno;contact us
contactless;contactless
contacto;contact
contactophoto;contactphoto
contado;counted
contagia;contagious
contagiar;spread
contagien;contagious
contagiosa;contagious
contagioso;contagious
contamina;contaminates
contaminación;pollution
contaminado;contaminated
contaminador;polluting
contaminant;pollutant
contaminante;pollutant
contaminantes;contaminants
contaminar;to pollute
contaminir;contaminate
contamín;pollute
contar;count
contarã;count
contemplación;contemplation
contemplado;contemplated
contemplar;contemplate
contemplativa;contemplative
contemplir;contemplate
contemporaneidad;contemporaneity
contemporáneo;contemporary
contencioso;contentious
contención;containment
contenedor;container
contener;contain
contenidas;contained
contenidir;contain
contenido;contents
content;contents
contentar;please
contento;glad
conter;counter
contestar;answer
context;context
contexto;context
contextos;contexts
contextual;contextual
contextualizado;contextualized
contextualizamos;we contextualize
contextualizar;contextualize
contienda;contest
contiendir;contend
continental;continental
continente;continent
contingencia;contingency
contingent;quota
contingente;quota
continua;keep going
continuación;continuation
continuado;continued
continuador;follower
continuamente;continually
continuamos;we continue
continuar;continue
continuara;to be continue
continuarã;to be continue
continuidad;continuity
continuing;continuing
continuo;continuous
continãºa;continue
continãºan;continue
continúar;continue
contorno;outline
contrabandista;smuggler
contracara;flip side
contracción;contraction
contracorriente;countercurrent
contractual;contractual
contradicción;contradiction
contradictorio;contradictory
contradigar;contradict
contradizar;contradict
contraer;contract
contraindicación;contraindication
contralaminado;cross laminated
contramarcha;countermarch
contrapartida;counterpart
contrapeso;counterweight
contraponer;counterpose
contraprestación;consideration
contrariamente;contrary
contrario;contrary
contrarreloj;time trial
contrarrestar;counter
contrarrestir;counteract
contrastable;testable
contrastado;contrasted
contrastar;to contrast
contraste;contrast
contrata;hire
contratación;hiring
contratado;hired
contratar;contract
contratista;contractor
contrato;contract
contravenir;contravene
contraído;contracted
contribuciones;contributions
contribución;contribution
contribuidor;contributor
contribuimos;we contribute
contribuir;contribute
contribuirás;you will contribute
contributividad;taxability
contributivo;contributory
contribuya;contribute
contribuye;contributes
contribuyen ;contribute
contribuyente;taxpayer
contribuyerar;contribute
control;control
controla;controls
controlable;controllable
controlado;checked
controlador;controller
controlar;check
controlir;control
controlo;i control
controlser;controlser
controversia;controversy
controversial;controversial
controvertido;controversial
controvertir;dispute
contundencia;forcefulness
contundente;overwhelming
contándome;telling me
conté;counted
contínuo;continuous
convencer;convince
convencerlo;convince him
convencido;convinced
convencimiento;conviction
convencional;conventional
convenciones;conventions
convención;convention
convenida;agreed
convenido;agreed
conveniencia;convenience
conveniente;convenient
convenientemente;conveniently
convenio;agreement
convenir;agree
convention;convention
convento;convent
convergencia;convergence
convergente;convergent
converger;converge
convergència;convergence
conversa;talk
conversacional;conversational
conversación;conversation
conversador;talkative
conversar;to converse
conversation;conversation
conversatorio;conversation
converse;converse
conversión;conversion
converso;convert
converters;converters
convertibilidad;convertibility
convertido;converted
convertidor;converter
convertidoro;converter
convertir;convert
convertirno;become
convertirás;you will convert
convertix;convertix
convicción;conviction
conviente;convenient
convincente;convincing
convirtar;convert
convirtierar;convert
convirtiéndola;turning it
convirtiéndolo;turning it
convirtió;turned
convirtámono;lets become
convivencia;coexistence
convivencial;convivial
convivir;live together
convocado;summoned
convocant;summoner
convocar;convene
convocatoria;announcement
convoy;convoy
convulso;convulsed
coo;coo
coogler;coogler
cooki;cookie
cookieless;cookieless
cookies;cookies
cooking;cooking
cool;cool
cooper;cooper
cooperación;cooperation
cooperante;cooperating
cooperar;cooperate
cooperativa;cooperative
cooperativismo;cooperativism
cooperativo;cooperative
cooperir;cooperate
coopetencia;coopetition
cooptar;co-opt
coordinación;coordination
coordinado;coordinated
coordinador;coordinator
coordinadora;coordinator
coordinar;to coordinate
coordinator;coordinator
coorganizado;co-organized
cop;cop
copa;cup
copado;cool
copar;surround
coparmex;coparmex
copas;glasses
cope;cope
copenhague;copenhagen
copernicano;copernican
copernicus;copernicus
copia;copy
copiado;copied
copiar;copy
copiloto;co-pilot
coplanar;coplanar
copo;flake
copoazú;cupuacu
coportavoz;co-spokesperson
coppar;share
coppel;coppel
copper;cooper
copresidido;co-chaired
cops;cops
copy;copy
copyleft;copyleft
copypaste;copypaste
coque;coke
coqueta;coquette
coquetear;flirt
coqueto;flirtatious
coquinero;coquinero
coraje;courage
coral;coral
corales;corals
corazzini;corazzini
corazón;heart
corbacho;corbacho
corbata;tie
corbera;corbera
corbett;corbett
corbis;corbis
cordera;lamb
cordero;lamb
cordial;cordial
cordillera;mountain range
cordoba;cordova
cordon;cord
cordura;sanity
cordón;cord
core;core
corea;korea
coreano;korean
corell;corell
coreografía;choreography
coreógrafa;choreographer
corgos;corgos
corian;corian
cormann;cormann
cornamenta;antlers
cornejo;cornel
cornellà;cornella
corner;corner
corners;corners
corniche;corniche
cornualles;cornwall
cornwall;cornwall
coro;chorus
corona;crown
coronado;crowned
coronario;coronary
coronavirus;coronavirus
corp;corp
corporación;corporation
corporal;bodily
corporate;corporate
corporation;corporation
corporativa;corporate
corporativas;corporate
corporativo;corporate
corporativos;corporate
corradi;corradi
corral;corral
corrales;corrals
correa;strap
correcaminos;roadrunner
corrección;correction
correctamente;correctly
correctivo;corrective
correcto;right
corredero;sliding
corredor;runner
correduría;brokerage
corregidora;corrector
corregimiento;corregimiento
corregir;correct
correlación;correlation
correligionario;coreligionist
correo;mail
correos;emails
correr;run
correspondencia;correspondence
corresponder;correspond
corresponderir;reciprocate
correspondiente;correspondent
corresponsabilidad;co-responsibility
corresponsable;co-responsible
corresponsal;correspondent
corretja;correct
corrida;run
corriente;stream
corrientes;currents
corriere;i will run
corrijar;correct
corro;i run
corroborar;corroborate
corrosión;corrosion
corrugado;corrugated
corrupción;corruption
corrupto;corrupt
corsario;privateer
corsé;corset
corta;short
cortadellas;cortadellas
cortado;chopped up
cortador;cutter
cortapisa;cut off
cortar;cut
corte;court
cortejado;courted
corten;cut
cortes;cuts
cortesia;courtesy
cortesía;courtesy
corteza;cortex
corti;short
cortijo;farmhouse
cortina;curtain
cortito;short
cortizo;cortizo
corto;short
cortocircuito;short circuit
cortometraj;short film
cortometraje;short film
cortoplacismo;short termism
cortoplacista;short term
cortés;cuts
corujo;corujo
coruña;coruña
coruñesa;coruña
coruñesas;coruñas
coruñés;coruña
corvina;croaker
corán;koran
cos;cos
cosa;stuff
cosas;stuff
coscolla;coscolla
cosecha;harvest
cosechado;harvested
cosechar;harvest
coser;to sew
cosido;sewing
cosificarlos;reify them
cosme;cosme
cosmetics;cosmetics
cosmos;cosmos
cosmovisión;worldview
cosmética;cosmetics
cosmético;cosmetic
cosméticos;cosmetics
cost;cost
costa;coast
costar;cost
costarricense;costa rican
costas;coasts
coste;cost
costear;pay for
costeo;costing
costera;coastal
costero;coastal
costillar;rack of ribs
costo;cost
costoso;expensive
costra;crust
costumbre;custom
costura;sewing
cota;level
cotarro;cotarro
cotec;cotec
cotejar;collate
cotidiana;everyday
cotidiano;daily
cotiza;quote
cotización;quotation
cotizado;quoted
cotizant;contributor
cotizar;quote
cotovio;cotovio
cotrina;cotrine
cottam;cottam
cottarelli;cottarelli
cotx;cotx
coulant;coulant
couli;couli
council;council
countdown;countdown
country;country
coursera;coursera
court;court
cousteau;cousteau
couto;couto
couñago;couñago
covermanager;covermanager
covid;covid
coworking;coworking
cox;cox
coyoacán;coyoacan
coyuntura;joint
coyuntural;circumstantial
coñazo;pain in the ass
cp;cop
cpaen;cpaen
cpaer;cpaer
cpc;cpc
cpu;cpu
crab;crab
crack;crack
cradle;cradle
crafted;crafted
cram;cram
cratón;craton
cre;believe
crea;creates
creación;creation
creado;created
creador;creator
creadora;creator
creamnn;creamnn
creamos;we create
crear;to create
crearlo;create it
crearã;will create
create;create
createclass;createclass
creativa;creative
creative;creative
creatividad;creativity
creativir;create
creativo;creative
crece;it grows
crecer;growing up
crecerir;grow up
creces;you grow
crecida;spate
crecient;growing
creciente;growing
crecimiento;increase
crecimos;we grew up
crecí;i grew up
crecían;they grew
crecíar;grow up
credencial;credential
credibilidad;credibility
crediproveedores;crediproveedores
crediticia;credit
crediticio;credit
credo;creed
credulidad;credulity
cree;believe
creed;believe
creek;creek
creel;believe
creemos;we believe
creen;believe
creencia;belief
creer;believe
crees;do you think
crema;cream
cremallera;zipper
cremallero;zipper
cremita;creampie
crepe;crepe
crepúsculo;twilight
crespo;curly
crest;crest
cresta;crest
crew;crew
creyent;believer
creyerar;believe
crezcan;grow up
crezcar;grow up
creértelo;believe it
creíar;believe
creíble;credible
creímos;we believed
criada;maid
criado;raised
criadores;breeders
crianza;breeding
criar;breed
criatura;creature
crimea;crimea
crimen;crime
criminal;criminal
criminalidad;criminality
cripto;crypto
criptografía;cryptography
criptomoneda;cryptocurrency
crir;breed
crisis;crisis
crisol;melting pot
crispr;crispr
crist;christ
cristal;crystal
cristalería;glassware
cristalino;crystalline
cristiana;christian
cristiano;christian
cristina;christina
cristóbal;cristobal
crisálida;chrysalis
criteo;criteo
criteria;criteria
criterio;criterion
criterios;criteria
critica;criticism
criticable;objectionable
criticado;criticized
critical;critical
criticar;to criticize
criticarno;criticize us
croacia;croatia
croata;croatian
crocante;crispy
crociere;crociere
croissant;croissant
cromo;chrome
cromático;chromatic
cronificar;chronify
crono;chrono
croqueta;croquette
croquetera;croquette
croquis;sketch
cross;cross
crossfit;cross fit
crossover;crossover
crowdfunding;crowdfunding
crowe;crowe
crowley;crowley
crown;crown
cruce;crossing
crucero;cruise
cruceros;cruise ships
crucial;crucial
crudamente;crudely
crudo;raw
crue;cruel
cruel;cruel
crueldad;cruelty
cruise;cruise
crujient;crunchy
crujiente;crunchy
crusellas;crosses
crustáceo;crustacean
cruyff;cruyff
cruz;cross
cruzada;crusade
cruzado;crossed
cruzar;cross
cruzarlos;cross them
cruzate;cross
cruzcampo;cruzcampo
cruzo;i cross
crystal;crystal
crã;ave
crédit;credit
crédito;credit
créditos;credits
cría;breeding
crítica;criticism
críticamente;critically
crítico;critical
crónica;chronicle
crónico;chronic
cs;cs
csa;csa
csd;csd
cse;cse
csic;csic
cska;cska
csokas;csokas
css;css
ct;ct
cta;acct
ctc;ctc
ctim;ctim
ctl;ctl
ctm;ctm
cto;ct
ctrico;citrus
ctrl;ctrl
ctxt;ctxt
cuaderno;notebook
cuadra;block
cuadrado;square
cuadrados;squares
cuadragésima;fortieth
cuadrar;square up
cuadratura;quadrature
cuadrilla;gang
cuadro;frame
cuadros;paintings
cuadruplicar;quadruple
cuadruplicaríar;would quadruple
cuadrícula;grid
cuajar;set
cuajo;rennet
cualidad;quality
cualificación;qualification
cualificado;skilled
cualitativamente;qualitatively
cualitativo;qualitative
cualquiera;any
cuantificado;quantified
cuantificamos;we quantify
cuantificar;quantify
cuantioso;large
cuantitativo;quantitative
cuantía;amount
cuarenta;fourty
cuarta;quarter
cuartel;barracks
cuartilla;pastern
cuarto;fourth
cuartos;rooms
cuartoscuro;darkroom
cuarzo;quartz
cuasi;quasi
cuauhtémoc;cuauhtémoc
cuba;cuba
cubano;cuban
cuberteer;cutlery
cubesats;cubesats
cubeta;tray
cubides;cubices
cubierta;deck
cubierto;covered
cubillas;cubillas
cubo;cube
cubrición;covering
cubrir;cover
cubro;i cover
cuchara;spoon
cucharada;tablespoon
cucharita;teaspoon
cucharón;ladle
cuchilla;blade
cuchillería;cutlery
cuchillo;knife
cuchita;little knife
cudillero;cudillero
cuello;neck
cuenca;basin
cuencas;basins
cuenco;bowl
cuenta;bill
cuentas;accounts
cuento;story
cuerda;string
cuerno;horn
cuero;leather
cuerpo;body
cuesta;cost
cueste;cost
cuestionabl;questionable
cuestionable;questionable
cuestionado;disputed
cuestionamiento;questioning
cuestionar;question
cuestionar yo;question me
cuestionario;questionnaire
cuestionarno;question not
cuestiones;issues
cuestir;question
cuestión;question
cueva;cave
cuevas;caves
cuicuilco;cuicuilco
cuida;takes care
cuidado;watch out
cuidador;carer
cuidadora;caretaker
cuidadores;caregivers
cuidados;care
cuidadosamente;carefully
cuidadoso;careful
cuidamos;we care
cuidar;look after
cuidar yo;take care of me
cuidarno;take care of ourselves
cuidir;take care
cuidándolar;taking care of her
cuiner;cuiner
cuisine;cuisine
culebrera;short-toed
culinaria;culinary
culinario;culinary
culinary;culinary
culmen;culmination
culminación;culmination
culminar;culminate
culmín;climax
culpa;fault
culpable;guilty
culpar;to blame
cultivable;arable
cultivada;cultivated
cultivado;cultivated
cultivando;cultivating
cultivar;cultivate
cultivir;cultivate
cultivo;crop
cultivos;crops
culto;worship
cultura;culture
cultural;cultural
culturalmente;culturally
culture;culture
culturista;bodybuilder
culuca;culuca
culé;culé
cumbre;summit
cumpla;comply
cumplido;compliment
cumplierar;fulfill
cumplimento;fulfillment
cumplimiento;compliance
cumplimos;we comply
cumplir;comply
cumplirer;fulfill
cumplirla;fulfill it
cuna;cradle
cundín;cundin
cuota;share
cup;cup
cupertino;cupertino
cupo;quota
cupra;cupra
cupón;coupon
cura;healing
curación;healing
curado;cured
curar;cure
curativo;healing
curiosa;curious
curiosamente;curiously
curiosidad;curiosity
curiosidades;curiosities
curioso;curious
curitiba;curitiba
currante;eager beaver
currar;work
current;current
curricular;curriculum
curriculum;resume
curro;work
curry;curry
currys;curries
currículo;curriculum
currículum;resume
cursar;study
cursillo;workshop
curso;grade
cursos;courses
curtido;tanning
curul;seat
curva;curve
cusco;cusco
custodio;custodian
customer;customer
customizar;customize
cut;cut
cuts;cuts
cuyo;whose
cuán;how
cuántica;quantum
cuántico;quantum
cuéllar;cuellar
cv;cv
cyber;cyber
cyl;cyl
cyltv;cyltv
cymerman;cymerman
cynthia;cynthia
cyril;cyril
cáceres;caceres
cádiz;cadiz
cálculo;calculation
cálidamente;warmly
cálido;warm
cálir;warm
cámara;camera
cámaras;cameras
cáncer;cancer
cándida;candid
cándido;naive
cántabrar;cantabrian
cántabras;cantabrian
cántabro;cantabrian
cántaro;pitcher
cápita;capita
cápsula;capsule
cápsulas;capsules
cápsulo;capsule
cárcel;jail
cárdenas;cardenas
cáritas;caritas
cárnico;meat
cártel;sign
cáscara;peel
cátedra;chair
cátedras;chairs
cátering;catering
cáñamo;hemp
cédula;identification card
célebr;famous
célebre;famous
céline;celine
célula;cell
céntimo;penny
céntrico;central
césar;cease
césped;grass
céspedes;lawns
cíborgs;cyborgs
cíclico;cyclic
cínico;cynical
círculo;circle
cítrico;citric
cívica;civic
cívico;civic
cívicos;civic
cóctel;cocktail
código;code
cólera;anger
cómic;comic
cómico;funny
cómodamente;comfortably
cómodas;comfortable
cómodo;comfortable
cómplice;accomplice
cómputo;calculation
cóncavo;concave
cónclave;conclave
cónico;conical
córdoba;cordova
córner;corner
córvido;corvid
cúal;which
cúbico;cubic
cúbicos;cubic
cúmulo;cumulus
cúpula;dome
cúspide;cusp
da;gives
dab;dab
dabar;dadar
dabi;dabi
dabiz;dabiz
dac;dac
dacc;dacc
dacia;dacia
dacosta;dacosta
dacs;dacs
dactilar;fingerprint
dad;dad
dado;given
dakar;dakar
dakares;dakares
dakota;dakota
dalai;dalai
dale;go ahead
dalhousie;dalhousie
dallas;dallas
dalmases;dalmases
dalton;dalton
daly;dali
dama;lady
damage;damage
dame;give to me
damián;damien
damluji;damluji
damnificado;victim
damnificados;victims
danai;danai
dancausa;dancause
dane;dane
dangerous;dangerous
dani;dani
danial;daniel
daniel;daniel
daniela;daniela
daniele;daniele
daniels;daniels
danilo;danilo
danish;danish
danny;danny
danone;danone
dans;dance
dantas;tapirs
dante;dante
danza;dance
danés;danish
dao;dao
dar;to give
dar yo;give me
dardo;dart
dargan;dargan
darias;would you give
dark;dark
darla;give it
darmstadt;darmstadt
darno;give us
daroca;daroca
darroze;darroze
darte;to give you
darwin;darwin
daría;would give
darías;would you give
darín;darin
data;data
datamaster;data master
datar;date
date;date
dates;dates
dato;fact
datos;data
david;david
davide;david
davidelfín;davidelfin
davinia;davinia
davis;davis
davos;davos
day;day
daya;daya
dayton;dayton
dañado;damaged
dañar;to damage
dañen;harm
dañinar;harm
dañino;harmful
daño;damage
daños;damage
dañé;i damaged
dba;dba
dc;dc
dcha;right
dcp;dcp
deal;deal
deambular;wander
debacle;debacle
debate;debate
debatir;to debate
debeer;should be
deber;have to
deberás;you shall
deberíar;should
debido;due
debilidad;weakness
debilitado;weakened
debilitamiento;weakening
debilitar;weaken
debilitir;weaken
debo;i shall
debolsillo;pocket-size
debravo;bravo
debut;debut
debutamos;we debuted
debutar;debut
debén;must
decadencia;decay
decadente;decadent
decalaje;offset
decana;doyenne
decano;dean
decantar;decant
decantarte;decant
decantir;decant
decantándono;decanting
decena;ten
decenal;decennial
decenas;tens
decenio;decade
decente;decent
decepcionado;upset
decepcionant;disappointing
decepcionante;disappointing
decepcionar;disappoint
decepción;disappointment
deceso;death
decidar;decide
decides;you decide
decididamente;decidedly
decidido;decided
decidimos;we decided to
decidir;to decide
decidir yo;decide me
decido;i decide
decidí;i decided
decir;tell
decirte;tell you
decisivo;decisive
decisión;decision
decisorio;decisive
declaración;statement
declarada;declared
declarado;declared
declarar;to declare
declaratoria;declaration
declinación;decline
decline;decline
declive;slope
decomposition;decomposition
deconstrucción;of construction
deconstruido;deconstructed
deconstruir;deconstruct
decor;decor
decoracer;decorate
decoración;decor
decorado;decorated
decorar;decorate
decorativo;decorative
decrecer;decrease
decreciente;decreasing
decrecimiento;decrease
decrecir;decrease
decretar;decree
decreto;decree
decretos;decrees
decí;i said
decía;he said
decíar;say
decídete;make up your mind
dedicabar;dedicate
dedicación;dedication
dedicado;dedicated
dedicar;to dedicate
dedicas ;you dedicate
dedicándolo;dedicating it
dedicáramos;dedicate
dediqué;i dedicated
dedo;finger
deducción;deduction
deducibl;deductible
deducir;deduct
deeb;deeb
deepak;deepak
deepdrive;deep drive
deessa;deessa
default;default
defecación;defecation
defecto;flaw
defectuoso;defective
defeir;defy
defend;defend
defendemos;we defend
defender;defend
defenderme;defend myself
defendí;i defended
defensa;defending
defensivo;defensive
defensor;advocate
defensora;advocate
defensorar;defend
defensoría;defense
deficiencia;deficiency
deficiente;deficient
deficientemente;poorly
deficitario;deficit
defiendar;defend
defiende;defends
definable;definable
definar;define
defined;defined
definición;definition
definida;definite
definido;definite
definiendo;defining
definir;define
definiría;would define
definition;definition
definitiva;final
definitivamente;definitely
definitivo;definitive
deflación;deflation
deflactar;deflate
deflector;deflector
deforestación;deforestation
deforestado;deforested
deforestar;deforest
deformar;deform
defortestación;deforestation
defraudar;defraud
defunción;death
defín;define
degout;degout
degradabl;degradable
degradación;degradation
degradado;degraded
degradante;degrading
degradar;degrade
degustación;tasting
degustar;taste
dehesa;meadow
dehesas;meadows
dei;dei
dej;let
deja;let
dejadez;neglect
dejar;let
dejar yo;let me
dejarla;leave her
dejarte;leave you
dejaríar;would leave
deje;leave
dejen;stop
dejer;leave
delantera;lead
delantero;forward
delaqua;delaqua
delaware;delaware
delegación;delegation
delegada;delegate
delegado;delegate
delegados;delegates
delegar;delegate
deleted;deleted
delfa;delph
delft;delft
delfín;dolphin
delgado;thin
delhi;delhi
deliberación;deliberation
deliberado;deliberate
deliberante;deliberative
delibere;deliberate
delicado;delicate
delicatessen;deli
delicia;delight
deliciosa;delicious
delicioso;delicious
deliciós;delights
delimitado;bounded
delimitar;delimit
delincuencia;delinquency
delincuencial;criminal
delincuente;offender
delinqueír;offend
delito;crime
deliver;deliver
delivery;delivery
della;della
dello;dello
deloitte;deloitte
dels;dels
delta;delta
deltell;deltell
deluxe;deluxe
demagogia;demagogy
demagógico;demagogic
demand;demand
demanda;demand
demandado;defendant
demandante;demanding
demandar;to sue
demando;sued
demarcación;demarcation
demasiado;too
democracia;democracy
democratización;democratization
democratizada;democratized
democratizado;democratized
democratizar;democratize
democrática;democratic
democráticamente;democratically
democrático;democratic
demografía;demography
demográfico;demographic
demoledor;demolition man
demoler;demolish
demolición;demolition
demonio;evil
demonización;demonization
demonizar;demonize
demoníaca;demonic
demora;delay
demorar;delay
demos;demos
demostración;demonstration
demostrado;proven
demostrar;show
demostrar yo;show me
demostrarer;demonstrate
demócrata;democrat
demógrafo;demographer
denegar;deny
denia;denia
denigrant;denigrating
denim;denim
denodadamente;boldly
denodado;valiant
denominación;denomination
denominado;called
denominador;denominator
denominar;name
denominarla;name it
denominándolas;naming itself
denomín;name
denostado;reviled
denostar;insult
densidad;density
densificación;densification
densificar;densify
denso;dense
dental;dental
dente;tooth
dentista;dentist
dentsu;dentsu
denuncia;complaint
denunciado;denounced
denunciant;denouncer
denunciante;complainant
denunciar;report
denunciarir;denounce
deny;deny
deontológico;deontological
deparar;yield
departamental;departmental
departamento;department
departir;converse
department;department
dependencia;dependence
depender;to depend
dependerer;depend on
dependient;dependent
dependiente;dependent
deployed;deployed
deployment;deployment
deponer;depose
deportación;deportation
deportado;deportee
deportar;deport
deportations;deportations
deporte;sport
deportes;sports
deportista;athlete
deportiva;sporty
deportivamente;sportily
deportivo;sports
deposición;deposition
depositado;deposited
depositar;to deposit
deposito;deposit
depreciación;depreciation
depreciado;depreciated
depreciar;depreciate
depredación;predation
depredador;predator
depresión;depression
deprimente;depressing
deprimido;depressed
deprimir;depress
depuración;depuration
depurada;cleansed
depuradora;treatment plant
depurar;debug
depósito;deposit
der;right
derecha;right
derechamentar;to the right
derechamente;straight
derechir;right
derechista;rightist
derecho;law
derechos;rights
deriva;drift
derivación;derivation
derivada;derivative
derivado;derivative
derivar;derive
derivo;derived
dermatólogo;dermatologist
dermot;dermot
derogación;repeal
derogado;repealed
derogar;derogate
derrama;pour out
derrame;leak
derretimiento;melting
derretir;melt
derribar;shoot down
derrocar;topple
derrocha;waste
derroche;waste
derrota;defeat
derrotar;defeat
derrotismo;defeatism
derruir;demolish
derrumbar;overthrow
derrumbe;collapse
derrumbes;landslides
des;des
desa;desa
desabastecimiento;shortage
desacelaración;deceleration
desaceleración;deceleration
desacelerado;slowed down
desacelerar;decelerate
desacertar;mislead
desacreditar;discredit
desactivar;deactivate
desactualizado;outdated
desactualizar;outdate
desacuerdo;disagreement
desacuerdos;disagreements
desafección;disaffection
desafiante;challenging
desafiar;to challenge
desafiarar;challenge
desafortunadamente;unfortunately
desafortunado;unlucky
desafía;challenges
desafíar;to challenge
desafío;challenge
desafíos;challenges
desagradable;unpleasant
desagüe;drain
desahijar;weed
desahogado;vented
desahuciar;evict
desajust;mismatch
desalado;desalted
desaladora;desalination plant
desalentadora;daunting
desalentadoro;daunting
desalentarno;discourage
desalinización;desalination
desalinizado;desalinated
desalinizadora;desalination plant
desalojar;evict
desalojas;you evict
desamor;heartbreak
desamparados;homeless
desanimar;discourage
desantis;desantis
desapalancamiento;deleveraging
desaparecer;vanish
desaparecido;missing
desaparezca;disappear
desaparezcar;disappear
desaparición;disappearance
desapego;detachment
desapercibido;unnoticed
desaprender;unlearn
desaprensivo;unscrupulous
desaprobación;disapproval
desaprovechar;waste
desaprueba;disapproves
desarme;disarmament
desarr;developing
desarraiguir;uproot
desarrollado;developed
desarrollador;developer
desarrolladora;developer
desarrolladoras;developers
desarrollar;develop
desarrollar yo;develop me
desarrollaras ;you will develop
desarrollir;develop
desarrollista;developer
desarrollo;developing
desarrolo;developing
desasociar;disassociate
desastre;disaster
desastres;disasters
desastroso;disastrous
desatado;untied
desatar;tie off
desatención;inattention
desatendida;neglected
desatino;nonsense
desatre;disaster
desavenencia;rift
desayunar;have breakfast
desayuno;breakfast
desbancar;unseat
desbaratado;disrupted
desbaratar;thwart
desbloquear;to unlock
desbloqueo;unlock
desbordant;overflowing
desbordar;overflow
desborde;overflow
descalcificar;decalcify
descalificación;disqualification
descalificar;disqualify
descansad;rest
descansar;rest
descanso;break
descarbonización;decarbonization
descarbonizado;decarbonized
descarbonizar;decarbonize
descarbonizarno;decarbonize
descarga;download
descargabl;downloadable
descargable;downloadable
descargado;discharged
descargar;to download
descarguir;download
descart;discarded
descartab;discardb
descartable;disposable
descartado;discarded
descartar;discard
descarte;discard
descendente;falling
descender;descend
descendiente;descendant
descenso;decline
descent;descent
descentralizada;decentralized
descentralizado;decentralized
descentralizar;decentralize
descerebrado;mindless
descifrar;decipher
descojonaríar;descojonaría
descolapsar;uncollapse
descomponer;decompose
descomposición;decomposition
desconectar;disconnect
desconectir;disconnect
desconexión;disconnection
desconfiado;suspicious
desconfianza;distrust
desconfía;mistrust
descongelado;thawed
descongestionar;decongest
desconocedora;unaware
desconocer;ignore
desconocido;unknown
desconocimiento;ignorance
descontado;discounted
descontamo;discounted
descontar;to discount
descontento;discontent
descontextualizada;decontextualized
descontrolado;uncontrolled
descontrolar;get out of control
descontártelo;discount it
descreimiento;unbelief
descremado;skim
describir;describe
descripción;description
description;description
descriptivo;descriptive
descriptor;descriptor
descrito;described
descrubrir;discover
descrédito;discredit
descubiertar;discover
descubierto;discovered
descubran;discover
descubrar;discover
descubren;discover
descubrimiento;discovery
descubrimos;we discovered
descubrir;discover
descubrirer;discover
descubrí;i discovered
descuentazo;discount
descuento;discount
descuentos;discounts
descuidar;neglect
descárgatar;download
desdeñar;disdain
desdibugir;blur
desdoco;dedoco
desea;want
deseable;desirable
deseado;wanted
desear;want
desearir;wish
desechabl;disposable
desechada;discarded
desechado;discarded
desechar;discard
desecharir;discard
desechir;discard
desecho;disposal
desembarco;landing
desembocar;lead
desembolsar;disburse
desembolso;disbursement
desempaquetado;unpacked
desempaquetar;unpack
desempeñado;played
desempeñar;play
desempeñen;perform
desempeño;performance
desempleado;unemployed
desempleo;unemployment
desencadenado;triggered
desencadenant;trigger
desencadenar;trigger
desencadenir;trigger
desencantado;disenchanted
desencuentro;disagreement
desenfadado;casual
desenfocar;blur
desenfoque;blur
desenfrenado;rampant
desengrasante;degreaser
desenlace;outcome
desentenderte;ignore you
desentrañar;unravel
desenvolupament;development
desenvolver;develop
desenvolverno;unwrap
deseo;desire
deseos;wishes
desequilibrio;imbalance
deserción;desertion
desert;desert
desertar;desert
desertificación;desertification
deseser;wish
desesperación;despair
desesperadamente;desperately
desesperado;desperate
desesperante;maddening
desesperanza;hopelessness
desestabilizar;destabilize
desestacionalización;deseasonalization
desestacionalizar;deseasonalize
desestimado;dismissed
desestimar;reject
desestimular;discourage
desfase;gap
desfavorable;unfavorable
desfavorecido;underprivileged
desfigurar;disfigure
desfile;parade
desgajar;break off
desganado;listless
desgastado;worn out
desgaste;wear
desgastir;wear out
desglobalización;deglobalization
desglosado;broken down
desglosar;break down
desglose;breakdown
desgracia;misfortune
desgraciadamente;unfortunately
desgraciado;unfortunate
desgraciar;disgrace
desgranada;shelled
desgranar;thresh
desgrán;shed
deshacer;undo
deshecho;undone
deshidratar;dehydrate
deshie;thaw
deshielo;thaw
deshierbar;weed
deshonesta;dishonest
deshora;after hours
deshuesado;boned
deshumanizar;dehumanize
desidia;neglect
desierto;desert
design;design
designación;designation
designado;designated
designar;appoint
designer;designer
desigual;unequal
desigualdad;inequality
desigualdades;inequalities
desilusionar;disappoint
desincentivar;discourage
desincentivo;disincentive
desindustrialización;deindustrialization
desinfección;disinfection
desinfectant;disinfectant
desinflar;deflate
desinformación;disinformation
desinstalar;uninstall
desinversión;disinvestment
desirée;desiree
desistirir;desist
deslav;deslav
deslizamiento;glide
deslizante;slider
deslizar;slide
deslizándono;sliding
deslocalización;relocation
deslocalizar;relocate
deslumbrante;dazzling
desmaison;desmaison
desmantelamiento;dismantling
desmantelar;dismantle
desmarcar;uncheck
desmatonar;untangle
desmedido;excessive
desmedro;detriment
desmentir;deny
desmenuzar;crumble
desmerecer;detract
desmesurado;excessive
desmigado;crumbled
desmitificar;demystify
desmoldar;demolding
desmontable;removable
desmontaj;disassembled
desmontaje;disassembly
desmontar;disassemble
desmonte;clearance
desmontir;disassemble
desmoronamiento;crumbling
desnivel;unevenness
desnudar;strip
desnudo;naked
desnutrición;malnutrition
desobedecer;disobey
desobediencia;disobedience
desocupación;unemployment
desodorante;deodorant
desolador;bleak
desoladora;bleak
desopilante;hilarious
desorbitado;exorbitant
desorden;disorder
desordenado;untidy
desorganizado;disorganized
desorientación;disorientation
desorientado;disorientated
despacho;office
despalillado;destemmed
desparecir;disappear
despedida;farewell
despedir;dismiss
despegar;take off
despegue;takeoff
despeinar;tousle
despejado;clear
despejar;clear
despenalizar;decriminalize
despensa;pantry
desperdiciacer;waste
desperdiciado;wasted
desperdiciar;waste
desperdiciarir;waste
desperdicio;waste
despertar;wake up
despido;dismissal
despilfarro;waste
despite;despite
desplazado;displaced
desplazamiento;displacement
desplazar;displace
desplazar yo;move i
desplazarán;will displace
desplegable;dropdown
desplegado;unfolded
desplegados;deployed
desplegar;deploy
despliegue;deployment
desplomar;collapse
desplomasar;collapse
desplome;collapse
desplázate;scroll
despoblación;depopulation
despojar;strip away
despotricar;rant
despreciable;negligible
despreciar;despise
desprecio;contempt
desprender;detach
desprenderte;detach yourself
desprestigio;discredit
despriorizar;deprioritize
desproporcionadamente;disproportionately
desproporcionado;disproportionate
desproporcional;disproportionate
desproporción;disproportion
desprotegida;unprotected
desprotegido;unprotected
despunto;blunt
despuã;after
desquiciado;deranged
desregulación;deregulation
desregular;deregulate
desregularizado;deregulated
dessau;dessau
destaca;stands out
destacable;remarkable
destacado;outstanding
destacados;featured
destacan;stand out
destacar;stand out
destacarir;highlight
destacas;you stand out
destapar;uncover
destensar;relax
desternillante;hilarious
desterrado;exiled
desterrar;banish
destilado;distilled
destinado;intended
destinar;be assigned
destinatarios;recipients
destination;destination
destinir;allocate
destino;destiny
destinos;destinations
destinárar;allocate
destitución;dismissal
destituir;remove
destrabar;unlock
destreza;skill
destrozada;shattered
destrozar;shatter
destrozo;destruction
destrucción;destruction
destructivo;destructive
destruir;destroy
desubicado;disoriented
desuso;disuse
desvalido;helpless
desvalorizar;devalue
desvanecir;vanish
desvelado;sleepless
desvelar;reveal
desvelir;unveil
desventaja;disadvantage
desvergüenza;shamelessness
desviar;divert
desvinculación;disassociation
desvinculado;unlinked
desvincular;unbind
desvir;divert
desvivir;live
desvíe;divert
desvío;detour
desvíser;diverter
desértico;desert
detalla;details
detallado;detailed
detallar;detail
detallar yo;detail i
detalle;detail
detalles;details
detallo;detail
detección;detection
detecta;detects
detectabl;detectable
detectado;detected
detectamos;we detect
detectar;detect
detected;detected
detectir;detector
detectives;detectives
detector;detector
deten;stop
detención;detention
detener;having
detenidamente;carefully
detenido;stopped
detenimiento;detention
detergente;detergent
deteriorar;deteriorate
deterioro;deterioration
determinación;determination
determinadas;determined
determinado;certain
determinant;determining
determinante;determinant
determinar;determine
determinir;determine
determinista;deterministic
determín;determined
detonador;detonator
detox;detox
detractor;detractor
detraer;detract
detrimento;detriment
detrito;detritus
detsyntetiskeparti;detsyntetiskeparti
deuda;debt
deudar;debt
deudo;bereaved
deuniversidad;from university
deurante;during
deutsche;german
devaluación;devaluation
devaluar;devalue
devastación;devastation
devastador;devastating
devastadora;devastating
devastar;devastate
develar;unveil
developer;developer
development;development
devenir;becoming
devia;devia
devieilhe;devieilhe
devoción;devotion
devolución;return
devolver;return
devolviéndome;giving me back
devops;devops
devoradora;devourer
devoran;devour
devorar;devour
devuelto;returned
deír;to go
dgt;dgt
dhabi;dhabi
dharma;dharma
dharshini;dharshini
dhl;dhl
dhow;dhow
di;gave
diaas;days
diab;diab
diabetes;diabetes
diablos;devils
diafragma;diaphragm
diagnosticar;to diagnose
diagnóstico;diagnosis
diagonal;diagonal
diagrama;diagram
dial;dial
dialogar;dialogue
diamer;diamond
diametralmente;diametrically
diana;diana
dianense;dianense
diar;diar
diari;daily
diaria;daily
diariamente;daily
diario;daily
diarrea;diarrhea
diarreica;diarrheal
diatomea;diatom
diatriba;diatribe
diaz;diaz
diazepam;diazepam
dibbits;dibbits
dibuja;draw
dibujado;drawn
dibujar;draw
dibuje;draw
dibujo;he drew
dibujándose;drawing
dicaprio;dicaprio
diccionario;dictionary
dicha;bliss
dicho;saying
dichoso;happy
diciembre;december
diciéndome;telling me
dickenson;dickenson
dickinson;dickinson
dicotomía;dichotomy
dictado;dictation
dictadura;dictatorship
dictamen;opinion
dictaminar;dictate
dictar;dictate
dictir;doctor
dictámen;opinion
did;did
didier;didier
didáctica;didactics
didáctico;didactic
die;die
dieciniueve;nighteen
dieciocho;eighteen
diecisiete;seventeen
dieciséis;sixteen
diego;diego
diem;diem
diente;tooth
dientes;teeth
diesel;diesel
dieselgate;dieselgate
dieta;diet
dietas;subsistence allowance
dietista;dietician
dietoterapia;dietotherapy
dietética;dietetics
dietético;dietary
diferencia;difference
diferenciación;differentiation
diferenciado;differentiated
diferenciador;differentiator
diferencial;differential
diferenciar;differentiate
diferencias;differences
diferimos;we differ
diferir;to differ
difference;difference
dificultad;difficulty
dificultada;hindered
dificultades;difficulties
dificultar;hinder
dificultarir;hinder
difuminar;blur
difundar;spread
difundido;diffused
difundimos;we spread
difundir;spread
difunto;deceased
difusión;diffusion
difuso;diffuse
difusor;diffuser
difícil;hard
difícilmente;hardly
diga;say
digamos;lets say
digar;say
digest;digest
digestibilidad;digestibility
digestibles;digestible
digestivo;digestive
digestión;digestion
digitado;fingered
digital;digital
digitales;digital
digitalguest;digitalguest
digitalización;digitization
digitalizado;digitized
digitalizamos;we digitize
digitalizar;digitize
digna;worthy
dignidad;dignity
digno;worthy
digámoslo;lets say it
dijerar;say
dijistir;say
dilapidar;squander
dilatado;expanded
dilatar;dilate
dilema;dilemma
diligence;diligence
diligencia;diligence
diligent;diligent
diligente;diligent
dilma;dilma
diluir;dilute
diluvio;deluge
dime;tell me
dimensionar;size
dimensiones;dimensions
dimensión;dimension
dimisión;resignation
din;say
dinamarca;denmark
dinamismo;dynamism
dinamitar;dynamite
dinamización;dynamization
dinamizador;energizer
dinamizar;energize
dinamo;dynamo
dinastía;dynasty
diner;money
dinero;money
dinámica;dynamic
dinámicas;dynamics
dinámico;dynamic
dio;it gave
dionisio;dionisio
diop;diop
dior;dior
dios;god
diosdado;god given
diotallevi;diotallevi
diplomacia;diplomacy
diplomado;diplomat
diplomático;diplomatic
diputación;deputation
diputada;deputy
diputado;deputy
diputados;deputies
dique;dam
direccional;directional
dirección;address
directa;direct
directamente;directly
directiva;directive
directivo;executive
directivos;managers
directo;straight
director;director
directora;director
directrices;guidelines
directriz;directive
direkte;direct you
diremos;we will say
dirigencia;leadership
dirigente;leader
dirigido;managed
dirigimos;we direct
dirigir;to direct
dirimir;settle
dirk;dirk
disallow;disallow
disc;disk
discapacidad;disability
discapacitado;disabled
discarlux;discarlux
disciplina;discipline
disciplinado;disciplined
disciplinario;disciplinary
disco;disk
discord;discord
discordia;discord
discoteca;discotheque
discount;discounts
discrecional;discretionary
discrecionalidad;discretion
discrepar;disagree
discrepo;i disagree
discreto;discreet
discriminación;discrimination
discriminar;discriminate
discriminatoriir;discriminatory
discriminatorio;discriminatory
disculpa;sorry
discurrir;reason
discurso;speech
discusión;discussion
discutar;discuss
discutible;debatable
discutido;discussed
discutir;argue
discípulo;disciple
disección;dissection
diseminación;dissemination
diseminada;disseminated
disenso;dissent
disertacer;lecture
disertar;discourse
diseña;designs
diseñado;designed
diseñador;designer
diseñadora;designer
diseñadorar;designer
diseñadores;designers
diseñar;design
diseñen;design
diseño;design
diseños;designs
disfraz;custom
disfrazado;disguised
disfrazar;disguise
disfrazarlo;dress it up
disfrut;enjoyed
disfruta;enjoy
disfrutar;to enjoy
disfrutarás;you will enjoy
disfrutarã;will enjoy
disfrutas;you enjoy
disfrute;enjoyment
disfruter;enjoy
disfrutir;enjoy
disfruto;i enjoy
disfrutonar;enjoy
disfrutón;enjoy
disfunción;dysfunction
disidencia;dissent
disidente;dissident
disimular;hide
disimulo;dissimulation
dislexia;dyslexia
dislocación;dislocation
disléxica;dyslexic
disminución;decrease
disminuido;diminished
disminuir;diminish
disminuyan;decrease
disminuyar;decrease
disminuyero;decrease
disney;disney
disociación;dissociation
disociadoro;disruptive
disonancia;dissonance
dispar;disparate
disparado;fired
disparar;shoot
disparatada;crazy
disparate;folly
disparidad;disparity
disparo;shooting
dispensador;dispenser
dispersión;dispersion
disperso;scattered
display;display
dispon;have
disponer;provide
disponga;arrange
disponibilidad;availability
disponible;available
disposición;provision
dispositivo;device
dispositivos;devices
dispuesto;ready
dispuestos;ready
disputa;quarrel
disputado;disputed
disputar;dispute
disrupción;disruption
disruptiva;disruptive
disruptivo;disruptive
disseny;design
distancia;distance
distanciar;distance
distante;distant
distar;distance
distendido;distended
disti;disti
distinción;distinction
distingar;distinguish
distinguida;distinguished
distinguido;distinguished
distinguir;distinguish
distintiva;distinctive
distintivo;distinctive
distinto;distinct
distorsionar;distort
distorsión;distortion
distracción;distraction
distraer;distract
distraído;distracted
distribución;distribution
distribuida;distributed
distribuido;distributed
distribuidor;distributor
distribuidora;distributor
distribuidoro;distributor
distribuir;to distribute
distribution;distribution
district;district
distrital;district
distrito;district
disturbio;riot
distópica;dystopian
disuadir;talk out
disuasorio;deterrent
dito;said
diver;fun
divergeir;diverge
divergencia;divergence
divergent;divergent
diversidad;diversity
diversidades;diversities
diversificación;diversification
diversificada;diversified
diversificado;diversified
diversificar;to diversify
diversity;diversity
diversión;fun
diverso;diverse
divertida;fun
divertido;funny
divertir;amuse
diverxo;diverx
divi;divided
dividendo;dividend
dividido;divided
dividir;split
divino;divine
divisa;badge
división;division
divorciado;divorced
divorciar;divorce
divorcio;divorce
divorció;divorce
divulga;divulges
divulgación;divulgation
divulgador;popularizer
divulgadoro;popularizer
divulgar;divulge
divulgativa;informative
divulgativo;informative
divulguir;disclose
dixit;dixit
diz;says
dizar;say
diálogo;dialogue
diámetro;diameter
diésel;diesel
dióxido;dioxide
dj;dj
djenné;djenné
dji;dji
djushebáev;dujshebaev
dk;dk
dlr;dlr
dm;dm
dmitro;dmitro
dmo;dmo
dni;dni
dnv;dnv
do;do
dobarro;dombarro
doblado;bent
doblar;turn
doble;double
doblete;doublet
doblò;folded
dobló;folded
doc;doc
doca;doka
docena;dozen
docencia;teaching
docente;teacher
docomo;docomo
doctor;doctor
doctora;doctor
doctorado;doctorate
doctoral;doctoral
doctorar;phd
documentación;documentation
documentado;documented
documental;documentary film
documentalista;documentalist
documentalisto;documentalist
documentar;keep record
documento;document
dodge;dodge
dodger;dodgers
dodot;dodot
doerr;doerr
does;does
dogma;dogma
doha;doha
doherty;doherty
doing;doing
dolby;dolby
dolencia;disease
doler;to hurt
dollars;dollars
dolor;pain
dolores;pains
doloroso;painful
dom;sun
domain;domain
domar;tame
dombrovskis;dombrovskis
domecq;domecq
domenicali;domenicali
domesticado;domesticated
domiciliado;domiciled
domiciliario;domiciliary
domicilio;home
dominación;domination
dominado;dominated
dominancia;dominance
dominante;dominant
dominar;to dominate
dominatriz;dominatrix
domingo;sunday
domingos;sundays
dominica;dominica
dominical;sunday
dominicana;dominican
dominicano;dominican
dominicanrepublic;dominican republic
dominio;domain
dominir;dominate
doménico;domenico
doméstico;domestic
domínguez;dominguez
don;don
dona;mrs
donación;donation
donado;donated
donald;donald
donant;donor
donante;donor
donar;donate
donativo;donation
donbass;donbass
dongyu;dongyu
donoghue;donoghue
donut;donut
doordash;doordash
dopaje;doping
dopp;dopp
doquier;everywhere
dora;dora
dorado;golden
dorar;brown
dorina;dorine
dormido;asleep
dormir;sleep
dormitorio;bedroom
dorna;dorna
doscientos;two hundred
dosfarma;twopharma
dosier;dossier
dosis;dose
dota;endows
dotación;endowment
dotado;gifted
dotar;endow
dotándol;endowing him
dotándono;endowing us
double;double
doubtfire;doubtfire
doug;doug
douglas;douglas
dover;dover
down;down
downing;downing
doy;give
doña;mrs
doñana;donana
dpa;dpa
dpakay;dpakay
dr;dr
drach;drach
dragado;dredging
dragana;dredger
dragar;dredge
draghi;draghi
drama;drama
dramáticamente;dramatically
dramático;dramatic
drapeado;draped
drawdy;drawdy
drax;drax
dream;dream
dreame;dream me
dreamliner;dreamliner
drenaje;sewer system
drenar;to drain
dresde;dresden
drew;drew
driv;driving
drive;drive
driven;driven
drivers;drivers
driving;driving
droga;drug
drogas;drugs
dron;drone
drones;drones
drop;drops
drs;drs
drásticamente;drastically
drásticar;drastic
drástico;drastic
drón;drone
ds;ds
dser;dser
dss;dss
dti;dti
du;du
dual;dual
dualiza;dualize
duarte;duarte
dubai;dubai
dubitativo;doubtful
dublin;dublin
dublín;dublin
dubois;dubois
dubái;dubai
ducha;shower
duchar;shower
ducto;pipeline
duda;doubt
dudar;doubt
dudas;doubts
dudo;i doubt
dudoso;doubtful
dudé;hesitate
due;due
duelo;duel
duende;elf
duer yo;i slept
duerm;sleep
duermar;sleep
duero;duero
dueso;owner
dueto;duet
dueña;owner
dueño;owner
dufrasne;dufrasne
dukhan;dukhan
dulce;sweet
duluth;duluth
dulzor;sweetness
dummies;dummies
dumoussaud;dumoussaud
dumpling;dumplings
duna;dune
duncan;duncan
duodécimo;twelfth
duplicación;duplication
duplicado;duplicate
duplicar;double
dupont;dupont
duque;duke
dura;hard
durabilidad;durability
duración;duration
duradero;durable
duramente;harshly
duran;last
durango;durango
durar;to last
dureza;hardness
during;during
durir;last
duris;duris
durmiente;sleeping
duro;lasted
durán;duran
dustin;dustin
dutch;dutch
dv;dv
dw;dw
dynamic;dynamic
dynamics;dynamics
dyslexia;dyslexia
dyson;dyson
dytective;detective
dábar;dabar
dándol;giving him
dándono;giving us
dárselo;give it to him
dársena;dock
dã;gives
débil;weak
débora;deborah
début;debut
década;decade
décado;decade
décima;tenth
décimo;tenth
décom;décom
déficit;deficit
déjatar;let go
déjate;let yourself
déjatir;let go
déjeme;let me
désert;desert
díado;diad
díaz;diaz
dícido;decisive
dídac;didac
dígito;digit
dólar;dollar
dólares;dollars
dúo;duo
ea;hey
eae;hey
earnings;earnings
earth;earth
east;east
eastpak;eastpak
easyjet;easyjet
eat;eat
eau;eau
ebaa;ebaa
ebau;ebau
ebay;ebay
ebfa;ebfa
ebitda;ebitda
ebn;ebn
ebooks;ebooks
eboost;eboost
ebp;ebp
ebrard;ebrard
ebullición;boiling
ecc;ecc
ecco;ecco
ece;ece
echa;check out
echar;throw
echart;kick you out
echemos;lets throw
echevarría;echevarria
echo;threw out
eclipsado;eclipsed
eclipse;eclipse
ecléctico;eclectic
eco;echo
ecocapitalismo;ecocapitalism
ecocidio;ecocide
ecociudad;ecocity
ecoeficiencia;eco-efficiency
ecoembes;ecoembes
ecoetiquetado;ecolabelled
ecofin;ecofin
ecoimpostura;eco-imposture
ecointegrador;echointegrator
ecological;ecological
ecologismo;environmentalism
ecologista;ecologist
ecologistas;ecologists
ecologizar;greening
ecología;ecology
ecològica;ecological
ecológica;ecological
ecológicamente;ecologically
ecológico;ecological
ecomercado;ecomarket
ecommerce;ecommerce
ecommercir;ecommerce
economia;economy
economic;economy
economics;economics
economista;economist
economistas;economists
economy;economy
economía;economy
economías;economies
econòmic;economic
económica;economic
económicamente;economically
económicante;economic
económicas;economic
económico;economic
económicos;economic
ecooter;ecooter
ecopostureo;ecoposture
ecoqos;ecoqos
ecorating;ecorating
ecosistema;ecosystem
ecosistemas;ecosystems
ecosistémicar;ecosystem
ecosistémicos;ecosystemic
ecosocial;ecosocial
ecotecnología;ecotechnology
ecoturismo;ecotourism
ecovidrio;ecoglass
ecoélite;ecoelite
ecu;ecu
ecuación;equation
ecuador;ecuador
ecuatorial;equatorial
ecuatoriano;ecuadorian
ecuménica;ecumenical
ecólatras;ecólatras
edad;age
edafotec;edafotec
edaily;daily
edamam;edamam
edem;edem
edesur;edesur
edgar;edgar
edge;edge
edicions;editions
edición;edition
edictos;edicts
edifcio;building
edificaciones;buildings
edificación;edification
edificar;build
edificio;building
edificios;buildings
edil;mayor
edison;edison
editado;edited
editar;edit
editor;editor
editora;editor
editorial;editorial
edouard;edouard
edoxudina;edoxudine
edp;edp
edtorial;editorial
eduardo;eduardo
educa;educate
educacional;educational
educación;education
educadamente;politely
educado;polite
educador;educator
educadora;educator
educadoras;educators
educar;educate
education;education
educativa;educational
educativo;educational
edulcorant;sweetener
edulcorante;sweetener
edvard;edvard
edward;edward
edwards;edwards
ee;ee
eekelen;eekelen
eelevación;elevation
een;een
eeuu;usa
eexclusiva;exclusive
efactor;efactor
efe;efe
efec;effect
efect;effect
efectivamente;effectively
efectividad;effectiveness
efectivo;cash
efecto;effect
efectuado;effected
efectuar;make
efectúar;make
efectúe;effect
efervescencia;effervescence
efervescent;effervescent
efervescente;effervescent
eff;eff
eficacia;effectiveness
eficaz;effective
eficazmente;effectively
eficiencia;efficiency
eficient;efficient
eficiente;efficient
eficientemente;efficiently
efusividad;effusivity
efímera;ephemeral
efímero;ephemeral
egeo;aegean
egipcio;egyptian
egipto;egypt
egiptólogo;egyptologist
ego;ego
egocentrismo;egocentrism
egoísmo;selfishness
egoísta;selfish
egresado;graduated
egresos;expenses
egs;egs
eh;hey
ehrlich;ehrlich
eicma;echma
eid;eid
eina;eina
einstein;einstein
eit;it
eitb;eitb
eiviconsulta;eiviconsult
eiviestetic;eiviestetic
eivisalud;eivisalud
eivissa;eivissa
eixample;eixample
eje;axis
ejecución;execution
ejecutadas;executed
ejecutado;executed
ejecutar;run
ejecutiva;executive
ejecutivo;executive
ejecutivos;executives
ejecutor;executor
ejemplar;copy
ejemplaridad;exemplariness
ejemplarizante;exemplary
ejemplificación;exemplification
ejemplificar;exemplify
ejemplo;example
ejercer;exercise
ejercicio;exercise
ejercitar;to exercise
ejercítate;exercise
ejerzar;exercise
ejido;common
ejército;army
ejércitos;armies
eki;eki
el;the
ela;the a
elaboración;elaboration
elaborado;elaborated
elaborador;developer
elaboran;elaborate
elaborar;elaborate
elaine;elaine
elasmobranquio;elasmobranch
elasticidad;elasticity
elcentro;the center
elche;elche
elder;elder
eldiario;the newspaper
eldiariobrands;eldiariobrands
elección;choice
elecnor;elecnor
electa;elected
electo;elect
elector;elector
electorado;electorate
electoral;electoral
electoralista;electoralist
electoralmente;electorally
electra;electra
electric;electricity
electricas;electrical
electricidad;electricity
electrificacer;electrify
electrificación;electrification
electrificada;electrified
electrificado;electrified
electrificar;electrify
electrified;electrified
electrocución;electrocution
electrocutada;electrocuted
electrocutado;electrocuted
electrodo;electrode
electrodoméstico;appliance
electrointensiva;electrointensive
electrointensivo;electrointensive
electrolinera;electric station
electromovilidad;electromobility
electronics;electronics
electrónica;electronics
electrónicamente;electronically
electrónicas;electronic
electrónico;electronic
electrónicos;electronic
elefante;elephant
elegancia;elegance
elegante;elegant
elegantemente;stylishly
elegantes;elegant
elegibl;eligible
elegibles;eligible
elegido;chosen one
elegir;to choose
elegirer;choose
elegirã;choose
eleinternacional;eleinternational
elejalde;elejalde
elem;elements
elemental;elementary
elemento;element
elementor;elementor
elementos;items
elena;elena
elenco;cast
eleni;eleni
eleva;raises
elevabl;liftable
elevación;elevation
elevado;high
elevar;raise
elfriede;elfriede
elgoibar;elgoibar
eli;eli
eliash;eliash
elii;elii
elijamos;lets choose
elijar;choose
elimina;delete
eliminación;elimination
eliminado;removed
eliminar;remove
eliminarla;delete it
eliminatoria;play off
eliminatorio;qualifying
eliminir;delete
elipse;ellipse
elisa;elisa
elisabeth;elisabeth
elisava;elisava
elisenda;elisenda
elitepad;elitepad
elitista;elitist
elizabeth;elizabeth
elkann;elkann
elkano;elkano
ellen;ellen
ellwood;ellwood
elmsbrook;elmsbrook
eln;the n
elogiar;to praise
elon;elon
eloy;eloy
elpaís;the country
els;they
elton;elton
elucubrar;lucubrate
eludo;elude
elvira;elvira
elástica;elastic
elástico;elastic
elã;the a
elèctrics;electrics
eléctrica;electrical
eléctricamente;electrically
eléctrico;electric
eléctricos;electrical
elías;elias
elíptico;elliptical
elíseo;elysium
em;um
emaciación;emaciation
email;e-mail
emails;emails
emana;emanates
emancipación;emancipation
emancipar;emancipate
emas;emas
embajada;embassy
embajador;ambassador
embajadora;ambassador
embalaje;packaging
embalar;pack in
embals;reservoirs
embalsado;dammed up
embalsar;dam
embalse;reservoir
embarazado;pregnant
embarazadísima;extremely pregnant
embarazo;pregnancy
embarazoso;embarrassing
embarcación;boat
embarcar;embark
embarcir;embark
embargado;seized
embargar;seize
embarque;shipment
embate;onslaught
embellecedor;embellisher
embestida;assault
emblema;emblem
emblemático;emblematic
emboga;engulfs
embolsar;pocket
embragar;engage
embrague;clutch
embravecido;raging
embrionario;embryonic
embrión;embryo
embrollo;imbroglio
embrutecir;stultify
embutido;sausage
embutidos;sausages
emea;emea
emergen;emerge
emergencia;emergency
emergencias;emergencies
emergente;emergent
emerger;emerge
emergència;emergency
emg;emg
emigración;emigration
emigran;emigrate
emigrante;emigrant
emigrar;emigrate
emigró;emigrated
emiliano;emiliano
emilio;emilio
emily;emily
eminentemente;eminently
emir;emir
emirat;emirate
emirates;emirates
emiratos;emirates
emisiones;emissions
emisión;issue
emisor;transmitter
emisores;emitters
emisón;emission
emitido;issued
emitir;to emit
emma;emma
emmanuel;emmanuel
emmanuelle;emmanuelle
emo;emo
emocionado;excited
emocional;emotional
emocionalmente;emotionally
emocionante;exciting
emocionar;thrill
emoción;emotion
emojis;emoji
emomali;emomali
emotivo;emotional
empacar;pack
empacho;indigestion
empanadilla;patty
empanado;tarnished
empapar;soak
empaparno;get soaked
empaque;packing
empaquetado;packaging
empareje;match
emparentado;related
empatar;tie
empate;tie
empatir;empathize
empatizar;empathize
empatía;empathy
empañar;tarnish
empecer;start
empecé;i started
empedrat;paved
empeine;instep
empelacer;embellish
empeoramiento;deterioration
empeoran;they get worse
empeorar;worsen
empeorarlo;make it worse
empeoro;got worse
emperador;emperor
empersar;empersar
empezando;starting
empezar;start
empezaremos;we will start
empezarir;begin
empezáser;start to be
empeñado;pawned
empeñar;pawn
empeño;endeavor
empiecir;start
empieza;begin
empiezas;you start
empiezo;start
emplatado;plated
emplazado;located
emplazamiento;site
emplazamos;we place
emplazar;place
empleabilidad;employability
empleada;employee
empleado;employee
empleador;employer
emplear;use
empleo;job
empobrecer;impoverish
empobrecerno;impoverish us
empobrecido;impoverished
empobrecimiento;impoverishment
empobrecir;impoverish
empodera;empowers
empoderada;empowered
empoderado;empowered
empoderamiento;empowerment
empoderar;to empower
emporio;emporium
empotrado;recessed
emprego;i undertake
emprend;undertook
emprendedor;entrepreneur
emprendedora;entrepreneur
emprendedorar;entrepreneur
emprendedoras;entrepreneurs
emprender;undertake
emprenderir;undertake
emprendido;undertaken
emprendimiento;entrepreneurship
empresa;business
empresaria;businesswoman
empresariado;entrepreneurship
empresarial;business
empresariales;business
empresario;entrepreneur
empresarios;businessmen
empresas;business
empty;empty
empujada;pushed
empujar;push
empujarer;push
empujaríar;would push
empuje;push
empujo;i push
empujón;push
empuñadura;handle
empático;empathic
empírico;empirical
emular;emulate
emulsiona;emulsifies
emulsión;emulsion
emérito;emeritus
enagas;enagas
enamorada;in love
enamorado;loved
enamoramiento;infatuation
enamorar;fall in love
enamorarno;fall in love
enamoro;i fall in love
enamoré;fell in love
enano;dwarf
enarbolar;fly
encabezado;header
encabezar;lead
encadenar;chain
encajar;to fit in
encaje;lace
encalado;whitewashed
encaminado;directed
encaminar;route
encaminár;route
encantado;delighted
encantar;love
encanto;charm
encapsular;encapsulate
encarar;face
encarcelado;imprisoned
encarcelar;imprison
encarecer;make more expensive
encarecimiento;increase in cost
encarezar;make expensive
encargado;duty manager
encargar;to place an order
encargarlo;order it
encargo;charge
encarguir;order
encarna;embodies
encarnación;incarnation
encarnar;embody
encasillar;pigeonhole
encasillarno;pigeonhole
encasillir;pigeonhole
encauzar;channel
encendar;turn on
encender;light
encendido;switched on
encerrado;locked
encerrar;enclose
enchuf;plug
enchufabl;pluggable
enchufable;pluggable
enchufar;plug
enchufe;plug
enciclopédico;encyclopedic
encierran;enclose
encimera;worktop
encina;holm oak
encinas;holm oaks
enclaustramiento;enclosure
enclavado;nestled
enclave;enclave
encofrado;formwork
encoger;shrink
encomiable;laudable
encontrado;found
encontrar;find
encontrar tú;find you
encontrar yo;find me
encontrarer;find
encontrarl;find him
encontrarno;find us
encontrarte;find you
encontrarás;youll find
encontraríamo;we would find
encontrastir;find
encontrás;you find
encontrã;against
encontré;i found
encontró;he found
encorbatado;tie
encrasicolus;encrasicolus
encrucijada;crossroads
encuadrar;frame
encubrir;cover up
encuentr;found
encuentra;find
encuentro;meeting
encuentrofundación;meetingfoundation
encuentros;encounters
encuesta;poll
encuestada;respondent
encuestado;respondent
encuestar;to survey
encurtido;pickle
encía;gum
encíclico;encyclical
end;end
ende;hence
enderezar;straighten
endesa;endesa
endeudado;indebted
endeudamiento;indebtedness
endeudar;indebt
endeudir;borrow
endgame;end game
endiablado;devilish
endiendir;understand
endinject;endinject
endocrina;endocrine
endocrinólogo;endocrinologist
endocrín;endocrine
endosar;endorse
endulzante;sweetener
endurecer;toughen
endurecimiento;hardening
endémica;endemic
endémico;endemic
endófito;endophyte
endógeno;endogenous
enea;enea
enel;in the
enemigo;enemy
enemistar;antagonize
energies;energies
energize;energize
energy;energy
energã;energy
energética;energetic
energéticamente;energetically
energético;energetic
energéticoy;energetic and
energía;energy
energías;energies
energío;energy
enero;january
enever;ever
enfadado;pissed off
enfadarte;get angry
enfatacer;emphasize
enfatizar;emphasize
enferma;ill
enfermar;get sick
enfermedad;illness
enfermedades;diseases
enfermeer;get sick
enfermer;nurse
enfermera;nurse
enfermería;nursing
enfermir;get sick
enfermizo;sickly
enfermo;sick
enfermos;sick
enfocado;in focus
enfocando yo;focusing me
enfocar;focus
enfocarno;focus
enfocarte;focus
enfocir;focus
enfoque;approach
enfrenar;bridle
enfrentado;faced
enfrentamiento;confrontation
enfrentamos;we face
enfrentar;deal
enfrentarno;face us
enfrentartir;face
enfrento;face
enfriado;cooled
enfriamiento;cooling
enfriar;cool
enfundir;sheathe
enfureceír;enrage
enfáticamente;emphatically
enganchar;to hook
enganche;hitch
engastado;set
engañar;scam
engañar yo;fool me
engañen;deceive
engañer;deceive
engaño;cheated
engañoso;misleading
engendra;engenders
engine;engine
enginyeria;engineering
england;england
english;español
englobar;include
englor;englor
engordar;fatten
engorde;fattening
engranaje;gear
engrasado;oiled
engraulis;engraulis
engrosar;swell
enhorabuena;congratulations
enia;enia
enigma;enigma
enisa;enisa
enjoy;enjoy
enlace;link
enlatado;canned
enlaz;link
enlazar;link
enlighten;enlighten
enllaç;link
enloquecido;crazed
enmarcada;framed
enmarcado;framed
enmarcar;to frame
enmarcir;frame
enmascaramos;we mask
enmendabl;amendable
enmendar;amend
enmienda;amendment
ennegrecido;blackened
enojar;anger
enojo;anger
enología;oenology
enológicas;oenological
enológico;oenological
enorgullecer;make proud
enorme;enormous
enormemente;enormously
enoturismo;wine tourism
enquistado;encysted
enraizado;rooted
enraizar;root
enredado;tangled up
enredando;entangling
enredar;tangle
enrejado;lattice
enrevesado;convoluted
enric;enric
enrique;enrique
enriquecedor;enriching
enriquecer;to enrich
enriquecida;enriched
enriquecido;enriched
enriquecierar;enrich
enriquecimiento;enrichment
enrollacer;roll up
ensaimada;ensaimada
ensalada;salad
ensaladilla;salad
ensalado;salad
ensalzar;extol
ensamblaje;assembly
ensamblar;join
ensamble;assembly
ensanchar;widen
ensayista;essayist
ensayo;trial
enseñanza;teaching
enseñanzas;teachings
enseñar;to teach
enseñe;teach
enseño;taught
ensoñación;reverie
ensueño;dream
entablar;enter into
ente;entity
entelequia;entelechy
entendamos;lets understand
entendar;understand
entender;to understand
entender yo;understand me
entenderte;understand you
entendible;understandable
entendido;it is understood
entendimiento;understanding
entendiéndola;understanding it
entera;whole
enterar;find out
enterarte;find out
enterate;find out
enterir;find out
enterneceír;soften
entero;whole
enterobacter;enterobacter
enterococcus;enterococcus
enterprise;enterprise
enterrado;buried
enterrar;bury
entertainment;entertainment
enteré;i found out
entidad;entity
entidades;entities
entiend;i understand
entienda;in shop
entiendo;i get it
entire;all
entomofagia;entomophagy
entorno;environment
entr;come in
entra;enters
entrada;entry
entrado;entered
entramado;framework
entrambasaguas;entrambasaguas
entrampado;trapped
entrando;entering
entrant;incoming
entrante;incoming
entrar;get in
entrarir;enter enter
entraña;entrails
entrañabl;endearing
entrecanales;between channels
entredicho;interdict
entrega;delivery
entregabl;deliverable
entregado;delivered
entregar;deliver
entregarlo;deliver
entreguerra;interwar
entrelazar;weave
entremedia;in between
entrenado;trained
entrenador;coach
entrenamiento;training
entrenar;to train
entreparques;between parks
entrepreneurship;entrepreneurship
entresijo;mesentery
entretecho;loft
entretejar;interweave
entretener;entertain
entretenido;entertaining
entretenimiento;entertainment
entretodo;among all
entrever;glimpse
entrevero;entrevero
entrevista;interview
entrevistado;interviewed
entrevistar;to interview
entrevías;midway
entronco;trunk
entusiasmado;enthusiastic
entusiasmar;enthuse
entusiasmo;enthusiasm
entusiasta;enthusiastic
enumerar;enumerate
enumerarlo;list it
enunciado;statement
enunciar;enunciate
envasado;packing
envasar;package
envase;container
envejecer;get older
envejecimiento;aging
envenenamiento;poisoning
envenenar;poison
enveneno;poison
envergadura;wingspan
enviada;sent
enviado;send
enviar;send
enviarla;send it
enviarlo;send it
enviarás;you will send
envidia;envy
envidiable;enviable
envir;send
environment;environment
environmental;environmental
envivo;live
enviábar;send
envoltorio;wrapping
envoltura;envelope
envolvent;surround
envolvente;surround
envolver;to wrap
envolviéndolo;wrapping it up
envuelto;wrapped
envíar;send
envío;shipping
envíos;shipments
enzima;enzyme
enzimático;enzymatic
enérgicamente;strongly
enérgico;energetic
enésimo;umpteenth
enóloga;oenologist
enólogo;oenologist
eo;eo
ep;ep
epa;hey
epb;epb
epc;cep
epdato;epdata
epf;epf
epfl;epfl
epi;epi
epic;epic
epicentro;epicenter
epicuro;epicure
epidemia;epidemic
epidemias;epidemics
epidemiología;epidemiology
epifanía;epiphany
episodio;episode
epitafio;epitaph
epm;epm
epn;epn
epoc;epoch
eps;eps
epsa;epsa
epsocial;epsocial
epson;epson
epígrafe;epigraph
epítome;epitome
eqb;eqb
eqe;eqe
equalia;equalia
equidad;equity
equilibrado;balanced
equilibrar;balance
equilibrio;balance
equipa;equips
equipacer;equip
equipación;equipement
equipado;equipped
equipaje;baggage
equipamiento;equipment
equipamientos;equipment
equipar;to equip
equiparable;comparable
equipazo;great team
equipo;equipment
equipos;equipment
equis;x
equitación;horse riding
equitativo;equitable
equivalente;equivalent
equivaler;be equivalent
equivocado;wrong
equivocar;mistake
equo;equo
eqv;eqv
eracer;eraser
erario;treasury
erasmus;erasmus
erc;erc
erdogan;erdogan
ergonomía;ergonomics
ergonómica;ergonomic
ergonómico;ergonomic
eribo;eribo
eric;eric
erich;erich
erick;eric
erigir;erect
erika;erica
erin;erin
erm;erm
ermita;hermitage
ernaux;ernaux
ernest;ernest
ernesto;ernesto
erosionar;erode
erosivo;erosive
erosión;erosion
erradicación;eradication
erradicar;eradicate
errar;err
erre;erre
error;mistake
errores;mistakes
errónea;wrong
erróneo;wrong
eructo;belch
erupción;rash
erwan;erwan
esade;esade
esarq;esarq
esbelto;slender
esbozar;sketch out
escabech;marinade
escabechado;pickled
escala;scale
escalabilidad;scalability
escalable;scalable
escalada;climbing
escalamiento;scaling
escalar;climb
escalera;ladder
escalerilla;ladder
escalfa;poach
escalinata;staircase
escalir;climb
escalonado;staggered
escalón;step
escandinavo;scandinavian
escapada;escape
escapado;i escaped
escapar;get away
escaparate;showcase
escapatoria;escape
escape;exhaust
escarabajo;beetle
escarcena;escarcena
escarrer;run away
escasa;limited
escasamente;scarcely
escasear;become scarce
escasez;shortage
escaso;scarce
escaño;seat
escena;scene
escenario;scenery
escenas;scenes
escenificación;staging
escenificar;stage
escenógrafo;scenographer
escepticismo;skepticism
escher;escher
escindir;cleave
esclarecer;clarify
esclarezcar;clarify
esclava;slave
esclavista;pro-slavery
esclavitud;slavery
esclavizar;enslave
esclavo;slave
esclerodermia;scleroderma
escobillas;brushes
escocesar;scotch
escocia;scotland
escoffié;scoffie
escogen;choose
escoger;choose
escogido;selected
escogidos;chosen
escogimos;we chose
escojar;choose
escola;school
escolar;school
escolares;school children
escolaridad;scholarship
escolarización;schooling
escolarizado;schooled
escolarizar;schooling
escollera;breakwater
escollo;stumbling block
escoltar;escort
escombro;rubbish
esconda;hide
esconder;hide
esconderlo;hide it
escondido;hidden
escorial;dump
escotilla;hatch
escribe;write
escribierar;write
escribimos;we wrote
escribir;to write
escrig;write
escrita;written
escrito;written
escritor;writer
escritora;writer
escritores;writers
escritorio;desk
escritura;writing
escrivà;write
escrivá;write
escriña;write
escrutinio;scrutiny
escuadrón;squadron
escucha;listen
escuchar;listen
escuche;i listened
escuchándolo;listening to it
escuché;listen
escudero;squire
escudería;team
escudo;shield
escuela;school
escuelas;schools
escueto;short
esculpido;sculpted
esculpir;sculpt
escultor;sculptor
escultora;sculptress
escultura;sculpture
esculturas;sculptures
escándalo;scandal
escénico;scenic
escéptico;skeptical
esencia;essence
esencial;essential
esencialmente;essentially
esenttia;esenttia
esete;this
esfera;sphere
esforcer;strive
esforzar;strive
esforzarno;strive
esforzastar;strive
esfuerzo;effort
esfuerzode;effort of
esfumar;vanish
esg;is g
esgrimir;wield
esic;esic
eskape;escape
esla;esla
eslabón;link
eslavo;slavic
eslogan;slogan
eslora;length
eslógan;slogan
esmerar;polish
esmero;care
espacial;space
espaciales;space
espacializar;spatialize
espacio;space
espacios;spaces
espada;sword
espadañal;cattail
espai;space
espalda;back
espaldarazo;accolade
espaldilla;shoulder
espantar;scare away
esparcido;scattered
espardeña;espadrilles
espasa;espasa
espases;spases
españa;spain
español;spanish
española;spanish
españolas;spanish
españoles;spanish people
especia;spice
especiado;spicy
especial;special
especiales;specials
especialidad;specialty
especialista;specialist
especialización;specialization
especializada;specialized
especializado;specialized
especializar;specialize
especialmente;especially
especie;species
especies;species
especificación;specification
especificado;specified
especificar;specify
especificidad;specificity
especificir;specify
espectacular;spectacular
espectador;viewer
espectro;spectrum
espectáculo;show
especulación;speculation
especulador;speculator
especular;speculate
especulativo;speculative
específicamentar;specifically
específicamente;specifically
específico;specific
espejismo;mirage
espejismos;mirages
espejo;mirror
espelta;spelt
esper;wait
espera;wait
esperabar;wait
esperabas;you expected
esperabl;expected
esperado;expected
esperanza;hope
esperanzado;hopeful
esperanzador;encouraging
esperar;expect
espermina;spermine
espesor;thickness
espesábar;thicken
espina;thorn
espinaca;spinach
espinal;spinal
espinosa;spiny
espinoso;thorny
espinoza;spinoza
espionaje;espionage
espiral;spiral
espiritismo;spiritism
espiritual;spiritual
espiritualmente;spiritually
espirituós;spirits
espirulina;spirulina
espirulín;spirulin
esplendor;splendor
espléndido;gorgeous
espodumena;spodumene
espodumén;spodumen
espondilitis;spondylitis
esponsable;responsible
esponsors;sponsors
espontáneo;spontaneous
esports;esports
esposa;wife
esposo;husband
espot;spot
espresso;espresso
espuma;foam
espumoso;sparkling
espurio;spurious
espárrago;asparagus
espí;spy
espía;spy
espínola;spinola
espíritu;spirit
esquelas;obituaries
esqueleto;skeleton
esquema;scheme
esquerda;left
esquiador;skier
esquiar;ski
esquilmar;exhaust
esquina;corner
esquivar;dodge
esquivarlo;dodge it
esquivel;dodge
esquivo;elusive
esquizofrenia;schizophrenia
esquí;ski
esradio;isradius
esri;esri
essa;that
essen;essen
esswein;esswein
estaba;i was
estabilidad;stability
estabilización;stabilization
estabilizante;stabilizer
estabilizar;stabilize
estabir;stay
estable;steady
establecer;establish
establecido;established
establecimiento;establishment
establishment;establishment
estacer;set up
estacional;seasonal
estacionalidad;seasonality
estacionamiento;parking lot
estacionario;stationary
estaciones;seasons
estación;station
estadio;stadium
estadista;statesman
estadounidense;american
estadounidensehoracio;americanhoratio
estadística;statistics
estadísticas;statistics
estadístico;statistical
estafa;fraud
estafar;cheat
estafeta;post office
estafó;ripped off
estallar;burst
estambul;istanbul
estamento;estate
estampación;stamping
estampado;print
estancado;stagnant
estancamiento;stagnation
estancar;stagnate
estancia;stay
estanco;watertight
estand;stand
estandarización;standardization
estandarizado;standardized
estandarizar;standardize
estandarte;banner
estands;stands
estanflación;stagflation
estanislao;stanislao
estanque;pond
estanquera;watertight
estant;shelf
estante;shelf
estantería;shelving
estany;pond
estanyol;stanyol
estar;be
estaremos;we will be
estarir;be
estarás;you will be
estarã;will be
estaríamos;we would be
estatal;state
estate;estate
estatecnología;this technology
estates;estates
estatizar;nationalize
estatura;height
estatus;status
estatuto;statute
estaño;tin
esteban;stephen
estefanía;stephanie
estela;wake
estenuevo;this new
estepa;steppe
estepona;estepona
esteponero;esteponero
ester;ester
estereotipado;stereotyped
estereotipo;stereotype
esterlino;sterling
estevan;stevan
estevo;i was
esther;esther
estigma;stigma
estigmatización;stigma
estilismo;styling
estilismos;outfits
estilista;stylist
estilizado;stylized
estilo;style
estima;esteem
estimación;estimate
estimado;estimate
estimar;estimate
estimulación;stimulation
estimulante;stimulating
estimular;to stimulate
estimulir;stimulate
estipulado;stipulated
estipular;stipulate
estireno;styrene
estival;summer
estiércol;manure
estocada;thrust
estocolmo;stockholm
estofado;stew
estofarla;stew it
estomacal;stomach
estonia;estonia
estrada;road
estrago;havoc
estragón;tarragon
estrangular;strangle
estraper;estraper
estratega;strategist
estrategia;strategy
estrategias;strategies
estrato;stratum
estratosférico;stratospheric
estratã;strata
estratégica;strategic
estratégicas;strategic
estratégico;strategic
estrecha;narrow
estrechamente;tightly
estrechar;narrow
estrecho;close
estrechísimo;very close
estrella;star
estrellado;starry
estrellas;stars
estrellato;stardom
estrenado;premiered
estrenar;brand new
estreno;premiere
estresado;stressed
estresant;stressful
estribar;buttress
estricta;strict
estrictamente;strictly
estricto;strict
estro;oestrus
estropajo;scourer
estropear;spoil
estruch;struch
estructura;structure
estructurado;structured
estructural;structural
estructuralmente;structurally
estructurar;structure
estrés;stress
estrógeno;estrogen
estuche;case
estuco;stucco
estudi;i studied
estudia;study
estudiado;studied
estudiante;student
estudiar;to study
estudio;study
estudios;studies
estudioso;studious
estudié;studied
estudió;study
estufa;stove
estupefaciente;narcotic
estupefacto;thunderstruck
estupenda;great
estupendo;great
esturión;sturgeon
estuve;was
estuvierar;be
estuvieses;you were
estuvir;be
está;this
estábar;bebar
estáis;you are
estándar;standard
estár;be
estás;are
estático;static
estã;is
estéril;sterile
estés;you are
estética;esthetic
estéticamente;aesthetically
estético;aesthetic
estévez;estévez
estíbaliz;stable
estímulo;stimulus
estío;summer
estómago;stomach
et;et
eta;eta
etanol;ethanol
etapa;stage
etario;age
etc;etc
etcétera;and so on
eternamente;eternally
eterno;eternal
etg;etc
eth;eth
ethical;ethical
ethics;ethics
ethos;ethos
etimológico;etymological
etiopía;ethiopia
etiqueta;label
etiquetado;labelled
etiquetaje;labeling
etiquetar;label
etiquetas;labels
etnia;ethnicity
etnográfico;ethnographic
etnológico;ethnologic
etoro;etoro
etsiaab;etsiaab
etxeandia;etxeandia
etóloga;ethologist
eu;eu
eucalipto;eucalyptus
eucheuma;eucheuma
eude;eude
eufrasio;euphrasius
eufórico;euphoric
eugene;eugene
eugeni;eugeni
eugenia;eugenia
euipo;team
eulària;eularia
eume;eume
euraco;eurachus
euro;euro
eurobuilding;eurobuilding
eurocaja;eurobox
euroclima;euroclimate
eurocopa;eurocup
eurocopas;eurocups
eurocup;eurocup
eurocámara;eurochamber
eurodiputada;mep
eurodiputado;mep
eurodiputar;mep
eurofán;eurofan
eurogrupo;eurogroup
euromediterránea;euromediterranean
euromercado;euromarket
euronews;euronews
euronext;euronext
europa;europe
europacific;europacific
europalets;europallets
europapress;europe press
europarc;europarc
europarlamentaria;mep
europe;europe
europea;european
european;european
europeo;european
europeos;europeans
euros;euro
eurostat;eurostat
eurovelo;euroveil
eurovisión;eurovision
eurozona;eurozone
euríbor;euribor
euskadi;basque country
euskalduna;euskalduna
eusumo;eusumo
eusébio;eusebio
eutrofización;eutrophication
ev;ev
eva;eve
evacuación;evacuation
evacuar;evacuate
evaluabl;evaluable
evaluación;evaluation
evaluada;evaluated
evaluado;evaluated
evaluar;evaluate
evalúa;evaluates
evalúar;evaluate
evalúir;evaluate
evanescence;evanescence
evangelina;evangeline
evangelio;gospel
evaporación;evaporation
evaporar;evaporate
evaristo;evaristo
evasión;evasion
evasor;evader
eve;eve
evelyn;evelyn
event;events
evento;event
eventos;events
eventual;eventual
eventualidad;eventuality
eventualmente;eventually
everything;everything
evidencia;evidence
evidenciar;show
evidente;evident
evidentemente;evidently
evitabl;avoidable
evitamos;we avoid
evitar;avoid
evitir;avoid
evo;evo
evocar;to evoke
evolucionado;evolved
evolucionar;evolve
evolucionir;evolve
evolución;evolution
evolution;evolution
evolutivo;evolutionary
evooleum;evooleum
ewing;ewing
ex;ex
exabrupto;outburst
exacción;levy
exacerbado;exacerbated
exacerbar;exacerbate
exacerbó;exacerbated
exactamente;exactly
exactitud;accuracy
exacto;exact
exageración;exaggeration
exagerado;exaggerated
exagerar;exaggerate
exalcalde;former mayor
exaltación;exaltation
exalumno;ex student
examen;test
examinar;review
exasperación;exasperation
exbarrista;ex-barista
excarcelación;release
excarcelado;released
excava;digs
excavado;excavated
excavadora;excavator
excavar;dig
excavir;dig
excedar;exceed
excedencia;leave
excedent;surplus
excedente;surplus
exceder;exceed
excel;excel
excelencia;excellence
excelente;excellent
excellence;excellence
exceltur;exceltur
excepcional;exceptional
excepcionalmente;exceptionally
excepción;exception
exceptuar;exempt
excesiva;excessive
excesivamente;excessively
excesivo;excessive
exceso;excess
exchange;exchange
exclamar;exclaim
excluido;excluded
excluir;exclude
exclusiva;exclusive
exclusivamente;exclusively
exclusividad;exclusiveness
exclusivo;exclusive
exclusión;exclusion
excluyente;exclusive
excombatiente;veteran
exconcejal;former councilor
exconsejero;ex-counselor
exconvencional;unconventional
excremento;excrement
excretado;excreted
excretar;excrete
excursión;excursion
excusa;excuse
excélsior;excelsior
exdetenido;former detainee
exdictador;former dictator
exdirector;former director
executive;executive
exejecutivo;former executive
exemplum;example
exención;exemption
exento;exempt
exentrenador;former coach
exestudiante;ex estudiant
exeter;exeter
exfoliant;scrub
exfutbolista;former soccer player
exgarrero;exgarrero
exgobernador;former governor
exhacienda;exhacienda
exhaustivo;comprehensive
exhausto;exhausted
exhibición;exhibition
exhibido;exhibited
exhibierar;display
exhibir;to exhibit
exigencia;requirement
exigencias;requirements
exigente;demanding
exigible;callable
exigimos;we demand
exigir;demand
exiguo;meager
exijar;demand
exiliado;exiled
exilio;exile
eximar;exempt
exintendente;ex-intendent
exinternacional;ex-international
exista;exist
existencia;existence
existencial;existential
existencialista;existentialist
existente;existing
existir;exist
exitosa;successful
exitosas;successful
exitoso;successful
exjefe;ex boss
exlíder;former leader
exmandatario;ex leader
exministra;exministers
exministro;ex minister
exmoor;exmoors
exolum;exolum
exorbitant;exorbitant
exorbitante;exorbitant
exorcismos;exorcisms
exorcista;exorcist
exotismo;exoticism
expandar;expand
expandecir;expand
expandeir;expand
expandeír;expand
expandibl;expandable
expandido;expanded
expandir;expand
expansion;expansion
expansión;expansion
expatriado;expatriate
expectación;expectation
expectativa;expectation
expedición;expedition
expediente;proceedings
expensas;expenses
experience;experience
experiences;experiences
experiencia;experience
experiencial;experiential
experimentación;experimentation
experimentado;experienced
experimental;experimental
experimentar;to experience
experimento;experiment
expert;expert
experta;expert
expertar;expert
experto;expert
expertos;experts
expiloto;former pilot
expiración;expiration
expirar;expire
expires;expires
explicación;explanation
explicado;explained
explicamos;we explain
explican;explain
explicar;explain
explicativa;explanatory
explico;i explain
explicábar;explain
explicándoels;explaining to them
explicársela;explain it to him
exploración;exploration
explorador;explorer
exploradoro;explorer
explorar;explore
explorations;explorations
explorer;explorer
explosivo;explosive
explosión;burst
explotaciones;holdings
explotación;exploitation
explotado;exploited
explotar;blow
explotárar;explode
explícitamente;explicitly
explícito;explicit
expo;expo
expoelectric;expoelectric
expolio;looted
exponencial;exponential
exponencialmente;exponentially
exponente;exponent
exponer;expose
exponerno;expose ourselves
exponernos;expose ourselves
exportación;export
exportado;exported
exportador;exporter
exportar;export
exporter;exporter
exposar;expose
exposiciones;exhibitions
exposición;exposition
expositivo;expository
expositor;exhibitor
expremier;former premier
expresamente;expressly
expresar;express
expresarlo;express it
expresarno;express ourselves
exprese;express
expresen;express
expresidenta;former president
expresidente;former president
expresividad;expressiveness
expresivo;expressive
expresión;expression
expreso;express
express;express
expresándola;expressing it
expresé;i expressed
exprimar;squeeze
exprimeir;squeeze
exprimer;squeeze
exprimir;squeeze
expropiación;expropriation
expropiar;expropriate
expuesto;exposed
expulsar;expel
expulsión;expulsion
expulso;i expel
exquisita;exquisite
exquisitar;exquisite
exquisito;exquisite
exrepresentante;former representative
exseleccionador;former selector
extender;to extend
extendernos;spread out
extendidas;extended
extendido;extended
extendierar;extend
extenista;tennis player
extensible;extensible
extensiva;extensive
extensivo;extensive
extensión;extension
extenso;extensive
extensísimo;very extensive
extenuación;exhaustion
extenuant;strenuous
exterior;exterior
exteriores;exterior
exteriormente;externally
externa;external
externalicir;outsource
externalidad;externality
externalización;outsourcing
externalizar;outsource
externamente;externally
externo;external
extiendar;extend
extinción;extinction
extinguir;extinguish
extinto;extinct
extintor;extinguisher
extirpar;remove
extra;extra
extracción;extraction
extractiva;extractive
extractivismo;extractivism
extractivista;extractivist
extractivo;extractive
extracto;extract
extraen;extract
extraer;extract
extraigar;extract
extrajudicial;extrajudicial
extralimitar;overreach
extranjeras;foreign
extranjero;foreign
extranjeros;foreign
extraodinario;extraordinary
extraordinair;extraordinarily
extraordinaria;extraordinary
extraordinario;extraordinary
extraordinary;extraordinary
extrapolación;extrapolation
extrasuave;extra soft
extraurbano;suburban
extravagancia;extravagance
extravagante;extravagant
extraíar;extract
extraíble;removable
extraído;extracted
extrañar;to miss
extraño;weird
extrem;extreme
extrema;extreme
extremadamente;extremely
extremadura;estremadura
extremar;extreme
extreme;extremely
extremely;extremely
extremeña;extremeña
extremeño;extremeno
extremidad;tip
extremista;extremist
extremo;extreme
extremorfosis;extremorphosis
exuberant;exuberant
exvicepresidente;former vice president
exxonmobil;exxonmobil
exótico;exotic
ey;hey
eyleen;eyleen
eyriès;eyries
eyzaguirre;eyzaguirre
ezaki;ezaki
eñe;jan
eólica;wind
eólico;wind
fa;fa
fabada;fabada
fabian;fabian
fabiola;fabiola
fabián;fabian
fabra;factory
fabrica;factory
fabricación;manufacturing
fabricada;manufactured
fabricado;manufactured
fabricamos;we manufacture
fabricant;manufacturer
fabricante;maker
fabricar;manufacture
fabricarlo;manufacture it
fabrico;i manufacture
fabridado;fabricated
facebook;facebook
facenda;facenda
faceta;facet
fachada;facade
facial;facial
facilidad;ease
facilidades;facilities
facilista;easy
facilita;facilitates
facilitación;facilitation
facilitado;facilitated
facilitador;facilitator
facilitadora;facilitator
facilitar;to ease
facilitarl;facilitate
faciliten;facilitate
facilitir;facilitate
facilitándol;facilitating it
facilísimo;easy peasy
fact;fact
factibilidad;feasibility
factible;feasible
facto;fact
factor;factor
factoraje;factoring
factores;factors
factoring;factoring
factorizar;factorize
factory;factory
factoría;factory
factum;factum
factura;invoice
facturación;billing
facturar;check in
facua;facua
facultad;faculty
facultado;empowered
facultar;empower
facundo;facundo
fad;fad
fadi;fadi
faecium;faecium
faenar;fish
fageca;fageca
fagocitar;engulf
fahrenheit;fahrenheit
faig;faig
fairywill;fairywill
fajita;fajita
fake;fake
falcon;falcon
falcó;falco
falcón;falcon
falda;skirt
falla;failure
fallar;fail
fallasar;fail
fallecer;die
fallecido;deceased
fallecimiento;death
fallido;failed
fallo;failed
falsedad;falsehood
falso;fake
falta;lack
faltant;missing
faltante;missing
faltar;lack
faltaría;would be missing
falto;short
fama;fame
familia;family
familiar;family
familiares;relatives
familiarizado;acquainted
familiarmente;familiarly
familias;families
family;familia
famoso;famous
fan;fan
fanar;fanar
fanjul;fanjul
fanjuls;fanjuls
fanny;fanny
fanta;fantasy
fantasear;fantasize
fantaseir;fantasize
fantasies;fantasies
fantasma;ghost
fantasmagórico;phantasmagoric
fantasía;fancy
fantástico;fantastic
fanático;fanatic
fao;fao
fape;fape
faqs;faqs
faraldo;faraldo
faraón;pharaoh
farc;farc
fardo;bale
fareshare;fareshare
farid;farid
farm;farm
farmacia;pharmacy
farmaciasdirect;pharmaciesdirect
farmacológico;pharmacological
farmacéutico;pharmacist
farmaindustria;farmindustria
farnborough;farnborough
farnsworth;farnsworth
faro;lighthouse
farola;streetlight
farreró;farrero
farrés;farrés
farsa;farce
farshid;farshid
fascinación;fascination
fascinado;fascinated
fascinante;fascinating
fascinants;fascinating
fascinar;fascinate
fascismo;fascism
fascista;fascist
fase;phase
fashion;fashion
fashionista;fashionist
fast;fast
fatah;fatah
fatal;fatal
fatiga;fatigue
fatigado;tired
fattah;fattah
fauna;fauna
fauz;maw
favor;favour
favorable;favorable
favorablemente;favorably
favorecer;favor
favorezca;favor
favorita;favorite
favoritas;favorites
favorito;favourite
favoritos;favorites
fbcn;fbcn
fc;fc
fcev;fcev
fdool;fdol
fdt;fdt
fe;faith
features;features
feba;feba
febrero;february
fecal;stool
fecha;date
fechas;dates
fecundidad;fertility
fed;fed
fede;faith
fedehesa;fedhesa
fedeme;fed me
feder;feder
federaciones;federations
federación;federation
federado;federated
federal;federal
federated;federated
federativo;federative
federico;frederick
fedeto;fedeto
feduchi;feduchi
feeda;feeda
feedback;feedback
fees;fees
fehaciente;reliable
feige;feige
feijoo;feijoo
feijóo;feijóo
felguera;felguera
felices;happy
felicidad;happiness
felicita;congratulate
felicitaciones;congratulations
felicitación;congratulation
felicitar;to congratulate
felipe;philip
feliz;happy
fellow;fellow
fellows;fellows
femenino;feminine
feminicidio;femicide
feminidad;femininity
feminismo;feminism
feminista;feminist
feminización;feminization
femp;femp
fempa;fempa
fendt;fendt
fenicio;phoenician
fenomenal;phenomenal
fenosa;fenosa
fenwick;fenwick
fenólico;phenolic
fenómeno;freak
feo;ugly
fer;fer
ferguson;ferguson
feria;fair
ferial;fair
fermentación;fermentation
fernadnez;fernandez
fernado;ferdinand
fernanda;fernanda
fernando;ferdinand
ferney;ferney
fernández;fernandez
feroz;fierce
ferran;ferran
ferrari;ferrari
ferreira;ferreira
ferrer;ferrer
ferreras;ferreras
ferrero;ferrero
ferri;ferri
ferris;ferries
ferro;ferro
ferrocarril;railway
ferrocarrilero;railroad
ferrocarriles;railways
ferrol;ferrol
ferrovial;railway
ferroviario;railway
ferrovie;railway
ferry;ferry
ferryhopper;ferryhopper
fertilidad;fertility
fertilizant;fertilizer
fertilizantes;fertilizers
fervor;fervor
ferández;fernandez
fesbal;fesbal
fescan;fescan
festejar;celebrate
festival;festival
festividad;festivity
festivo;festive
festmyd;festmyd
festín;feast
fettuccini;fettuccini
feudal;feudal
fgc;fgc
fh;fh
fia;fia
fiabilidad;reliability
fiabl;reliable
fiable;reliable
fianza;bail
fiar;legit
fiasco;fiasco
fiat;fiat
fibar;fibar
fibes;fibes
fibra;fiber
fibrilación;fibrillation
fibro;fibro
ficción;fiction
ficha;file
fichar;file
ficharlo;sign him
ficticia;fictional
ficticio;fictional
fiction;fictional
fidel;faithful
fidelidad;fidelity
fidelity;fidelity
fidelización;loyalty
fidelizacióncomo;loyaltyas
fidelizar;loyalty
fiduciario;trust
fiebre;fever
fiel;faithful
field;fields
fiesta;party
fifa;fifa
figo;figure
figu;figure
figueres;figueres
figueroa;figueroa
figura;figure
figuración;figuration
figurant;figurant
figurar;figure
figurativo;figurative
fiiu;woof
fija;fixed
fijación;fixation
fijado;fixed
fijamos;we fixed
fijando;fixing
fijar;pin up
fijarno;fix not
fijo;permanent
fijándote;fixing you
fil;fil
fila;row
filamento;filament
filantropía;philanthropy
filantrópica;philanthropic
filantrópico;philanthropic
file;files
filete;fillet
filial;subsidiary
filip;philip
filipinas;philippines
filipuzzi;filipuzzi
film;film
filmación;shooting
filmados;filmed
filmar;to film
filmax;filmax
filme;film
filmografía;filmography
films;films
filo;edge
filología;philology
filosofers;philosophers
filosofía;philosophy
filosófico;philosophical
filtra;filter
filtración;filtration
filtrado;filtered out
filtrar;filter
filtrir;filter
filtro;filter
filántropa;philanthropist
filántropo;philanthropist
filósofo;philosopher
fin;finish
fina;fine
final;final
finales;finals
finalidad;purpose
finalista;finalist
finalización;ending
finalizado;finalized
finalizar;finalize
finalmente;finally
finals;finals
finance;finance
finances;finances
financeír;finance
financiación;financing
financiada;financed
financiado;funded
financiador;funder
financiadores;funders
financial;financing
financiamiento;financing
financiar;to finance
financien;finance
financiera;financial
financieraluis;financial luis
financieramente;financially
financieras;financial
financiero;financial
financieros;financial
financista;financier
finansiaki;finansaki
finanza;finance
finanzas;finance
finca;estate
finch;finch
finchatton;finchatton
find;find
finde;weekend
fines;purposes
finestrat;finestrat
finestres;finestres
finish;finish
finito;finite
finitud;finitude
finkel;finkel
finlandia;finland
finlandés;finnish
finnegan;finnegan
finniss;finniss
fino;fine
fins;ends
fintech;fintech
fiona;fiona
fiordo;fjord
firma;signature
firmado;signed
firmamento;firmament
firmamos;we sign
firmante;signatory
firmar;sign
firme;sign
firmemente;firmly
firmeza;firmness
first;first
fisan;fisan
fiscal;fiscal
fiscalidad;taxation
fiscalización;inspection
fiscalizadora;inspector
fiscalmente;fiscally
fiscalía;prosecution
fishtek;fishtek
fisico;physical
fisiología;physiology
fisiológica;physiological
fisiológico;physiological
fision;fission
fisioterapeuta;physiotherapist
fisioterapia;physiotherapy
fisión;fission
fisonomía;physiognomy
fisura;fissure
fit;fit
fitac;fitac
fitness;fitness
fitodepuración;phytodepuration
fitoesterol;phytosterol
fitoplancton;phytoplankton
fitoquímico;phytochemical
fiumicino;fiumicino
flaca;skinny
flack;flack
flagelo;flagellum
flagship;flagship
flamante;brand new
flamenco;flemish
flamingos;flamingos
flasbarth;flasbarth
flavonoid;flavonoid
flecha;arrow
flema;phlegm
flete;freight
fletes;freight
flex;flex
flexevan;flexevan
flexibilidad;flexibility
flexibilizamos;we make flexible
flexibilizar;relax
flexibl;flexible
flexible;flexible
flexitarián;flexitarian
flexión;flexion
flexoh;flexoh
flexweave;flexweave
flickr;flickr
fliggy;fliggy
flojo;loose
floods;floods
flor;flower
flora;flora
florecer;to flourish
florence;florence
florencia;florence
florent;florent
florentino;florentine
flores;flowers
florette;florette
florida;florida
floridano;floridian
floritura;flourish
florón;rosette
floss;floss
flota;fleet
flotación;floatation
flotador;float
flotante;floating
flotantes;floating
flotar;float
flow;flow
fluctúar;fluctuate
fluidez;fluency
fluido;fluid
fluir;to flow
flujo;flow
fluke;fluke
fluvial;river
fly;fly
flórez;florez
fm;fm
fmbbva;fmbbva
fmcg;fmcg
fmi;imf
fmx;fmx
foca;seal
focalización;targeting
focalizada;focused
focalizado;focused
focalizar;focus
foco;focus
focouy;focouy
focus;focus
fodus;fodus
fogué;i fired
fogón;stove
foie ;foie
foiling;foiling
foils;foils
folato;folate
folket;folket
folketing;folketing
folleto;user information
follow;follow
followers;followers
follón;mess
fom;fom
foment;encouraged
fomentar;foment
fomento;promotion
fomo;fomo
fondo;background
fondos;money
fondón;fondon
fonoteca;sound library
fonseca;fonseca
fonstad;fonstad
font;font
fontaneer;plumber
fontanet;fontanet
fontenta;fontenta
fonteta;fonteta
fontán;fontan
food;food
foodbanking;foodbanking
foodie;foodie
foods;foods
foodscapes;foodscapes
foodtech;foodtech
foodtrack;food track
football;soccer
for;for
for yo;for you
foraster;stranger
force;force
forced;forced
ford;ford
fordista;fordist
foreign;foreign
forense;forensic
foreo;foreign
foresta;forest
forestación;afforestation
forestal;forest
forever;forever
forfaits;ski passes
forges;forges
forja;forging
forjado;wrought
forjar;forge
forma;form
formación;training
formado;formed
formador;trainer
formadora;shaper
formadoro;shaper
formal;formal
formalidad;formality
formalización;formalization
formalizar;formalize
formalmente;formally
formar;to form
formar yo;form i
formarte;form you
formarã;will form
format;format
formativa;formative
formativo;formative
formato;format
formentera;formentera
formentor;formentor
former;former
formidable;formidable
formir;form
formula;formula
formulación;formulation
formulado;formulated
formulador;formulator
formular;formulate
formulario;form
formwork;shapework
forn;forn
forner;forner
fornet;fornet
foro;forum
foronda;foronda
forrado;lined
forraj;fodder
forrar;line
forro;cover
forst;forst
forta;strength
fortalecer;strengthen
fortalecerer;strengthen
fortalecimiento;strengthening
fortaleza;fortress
fortalezcan;strengthen
fortea;fortea
fortificada;fortified
fortificado;fortified
fortuna;fortune
forum;forum
forward;forward
forzado;forced
forzar;force
forzoso;forced
foráneo;foreigner
foráneos;foreigners
fosa;pit
fossati;fossati
fossatti;fossatti
fossil;fossil
foster;foster
foto;photo
fotogalería;photogallery
fotografiado;photographed
fotografie;i photographed
fotografía;photography
fotografías;photographs
fotográfico;photographic
fotoluminiscente;photoluminescent
fotoperiodismo;photojournalism
fotoperiodista;photojournalist
fotos;photos
fotosíntesis;photosynthesis
fotovoltaica;photovoltaic
fotovoltaico;photovoltaic
fotógrafa;photographer
fotógrafo;photographer
fotónica;photonics
found;found
foundation;foundation
fouz;fouz
fox;fox
fpf;fpf
fr;fr
fra;fra
fracasado;failed
fracasar;fail
fracaso;failure
fraccionar;fractionate
fracción;fraction
fracking;fracking
fractura;fracture
fracturar;fracture
fragancia;fragrance
fragas;fragas
fragero;fragero
fragile;fragile
fragilidad;fragility
fragmentación;fragmentation
fragmentada;fragmented
fragmentado;fragmented
fragmento;fragment
fraguas;forges
fraile;friar
frailes;friars
framework;framework
fran;frank
franca;frank
francamente;frankly
france;french
francesc;francesc
francesca;francesca
francia;france
francina;francine
francis;francis
francisca;francisca
francisco;francisco
franco;frank
francès;french
francés;french
franisco;francisco
franja;stripe
franjo;franjo
frank;frank
frankie;frankie
franklin;franklin
franquicia;franchise
franquicias;franchises
franquis;franchise
franquismo;francoism
franquista;francoist
frans;french
franz;franz
françois;francois
frascella;frascella
frasco;jar
frase;phrase
fraternidad;fraternity
fraticido;fratricide
fratricida;fratricidal
fraude;fraud
fraudulento;fraudulent
fravm;fravm
frechou;frechou
frecuencia;frequency
frecuente;frequent
frecuentemente;frequently
fred;fred
frederick;frederick
frederiksen;frederiksen
fredy;fredy
free;free
freedom;freedom
freeman;freeman
freemarket;free market
freepalestine;freepalestine
freepik;freepik
freeze;freezing
freezer;freezer
fregar;scrub
freidora;fryer
freire;freire
freitas;freitas
frenado;braking
frenar;curb
frenarla;stop it
frenesí;frenzy
freno;brake
frente;front
frenteamplista;frente amplista
frenético;hectic
fresa;strawberry
fresas;strawberries
fresca;fresh
fresco;cool
frescor;freshness
frescura;freshness
freses;strawberries
fresh;cool
freshuelva;freshuelva
fresquito;cool
freático;phreatic
freír;fry
fria;cold
fricción;friction
frida;frida
friday;friday
fridays;fridays
friederike;friederike
friedman;friedman
friendly;friendly
frigerio;fridge
frigorífica;refrigerator
frigorífico;fridge
frijol;beans
friki;geek
frit;fried
frito;fried
fritura;frying
frivolizar;play down
frob;frob
from;desde
frondoso;leafy
front;front
frontal;frontal
frontend;front end
frontera;border
fronteras;borders
fronterizo;frontier
frontiers;frontiers
frotar;rub
fructuoso;fruitful
fructíferar;bear fruit
fructífero;fruitful
frugalidad;frugality
fruitar;fruitar
fruits;fruits
frujuca;frujuca
frustración;frustration
frustramo;frustrated
frustrante;frustrating
frustrar;frustrate
fruta;fruit
frutal;fruity
frutas;fruits
frutero;fruit platter
fruto;fruit
frágil;fragile
fráncfort;frankfurt
fría;cold
frías;cold
frío;cold
frívolo;frivolous
fsc;fsc
ftx;ftx
fuego;fire
fueguina;fuegian
fueguino;fuegian
fuel;fuel
fuencarral;fuencarral
fuengirola;fuengirola
fuensanta;fuensanta
fuente;font
fuentes;sources
fuercir;force
fuere;be
fuero;jurisdiction
fuerte;strong
fuertemente;strongly
fuertes;powerful
fuerteventura;fuerteventura
fuerza;strength
fuerzas;forces
fuga;drain
fugado;leaked out
fugaz;fleeting
fugazmente;fleetingly
fujimorismo;fujimorismo
fujitsu;fujitsu
fukuoka;fukuoka
fulgencio;fulgencio
full;full
fullstack;full stack
fulminante;fulminant
fum;smoke
fumarel;fumarel
fumigación;fumigation
fumio;smoked
funa;funa
funcas;funcas
funciona;works
funcional;functional
funcionalidad;functionality
funcionamiento;functioning
funcionar;function
funcionaria;official
funcionario;official
funcionarios;officials
funcionarir;function
funcionaríar;would work
funcione;work
funcioner;function
función;function
function;function
fund;fund
funda;sheath
fundacional;foundational
fundació;foundation
fundación;foundation
fundada;founded
fundado;founded
fundador;founder
fundadora;foundress
fundamental;fundamental
fundamentalista;fundamentalist
fundamentalmente;fundamentally
fundamentar;base
fundamento;basis
fundar;found
fundición;foundry
fundir;melt
funerario;funeral
funghi;funghi
fungibl;expendable
fungible;expendable
furgoneta;van
furgón;van
furibundo;furious
furioso;furious
furor;fury
furtivo;furtive
fury;fury
fuse;fuse
fusil;rifle
fusilar;shoot
fusionado;merged
fusionar;fuse
fusión;fusion
fuste;shank
fuster;fuster
futbol;soccer
futbolista;soccer player
futbolístico;football
futebol;soccer
futura;future
future;future
futures;futures
futurismo;futurism
futurista;futuristic
futuro;future
futuron;future
fuérar;out
fxm;fxm
fábrica;factory
fábula;fable
fácil;easy
fácilmente;easily
fáctico;factual
fármaco;drug
félix;felix
férreo;ironclad
fértil;fertile
fíate;trust
fíjate;notice
fíjatir;look at
física;physical
físicamente;physically
físicas;physical
físico;physical
fítico;phytic
fòrum;forum
fórmula;formula
fórum;forum
fós;fos
fósforo;match
fósil;fossil
försterling;forsterling
fúngico;fungal
fútbol;football
fútil;futile
gabinete;cabinet
gabriel;gabriel
gabriela;gabriela
gabrielius;gabrielius
gadebois;gadebois
gadget;gadget
gadgets;gadgets
gaditano;gaditano
gafa;glasses
gago;gago
gahfiya;gahfiya
gahr;gahr
gaianes;gaianes
gaigne;gaigne
gainsbourg;gainsbourg
gaitanistas;gaitanistas
gala;gala
galardonada;award-winning
galardonado;award-winning
galardonar;reward
galardones;awards
galardón;award
galaxy;galaxy
galdo;gallo
gale;galle
galega;galician
galego;galician
galegos;galegos
galende;galend
galería;gallery
galerías;galleries
galfer;galfer
galfetti;galfetti
galhau;galhau
galicia;galicia
galilea;galilee
galio;gallium
gallardo;gallant
gallardón;accolade
gallega;galician
gallego;galician
gallegos;galicians
gallery;gallery
galleta;cracker
gallinera;chicken coop
gallo;rooster
gallup;gallop
galnares;galnares
galo;gallic
galopante;galloping
galáctico;galactic
galán;prince
gam;game
gama;spectrum
gamba;prawn
gamberrismo;hooliganism
gambones;prawns
gambón;shrimp
game;games
gamer;gamer
gamero;gamer
games;games
gamificación;gamification
gamma;gamma
gan;won
gana;win
ganadeer;rancher
ganadera;livestock
ganaderas;livestock
ganadero;rancher
ganadería;cattle raising
ganado;livestock
ganador;winner
ganadora;winner
ganancia;gain
ganar;gain
ganar yo;win me
ganarir;win
ganas;desire
gandarias;gandarias
gandes;big
gandhi;gandhi
ganen;win
ganesa;ghanaian
gang;gang
ganga;bargain
gangonells;gangonells
ganprimetm;ganprime
gantz;gantz
ganz;ganz
ganó;won
gap;gap
garabateada;scribbled
garage;garage
garaje;garage
garamendi;garamendi
garante;guarantor
garanticen;guarantee
garantiza;guarantees
garantizada;guaranteed
garantizado;guaranteed
garantizamos;we guarantee
garantizar;to guarantee
garantía;warranty
garantías;guarantee
garat;garat
garay;garay
garbanzo;chickpea
garcia;garcia
garcinuño;garcinuño
garcés;garces
garcía;garcia
garden;garden
gardner;gardner
gare;gare
gareth;gareth
garfia;grappling hook
garicano;garicano
garlic;garlic
garmendia;garmendia
garnett;garnet
garnier;garnier
garr;garr
garra;claw
garraf;jug
garrafa;carafe
garrido;graceful
garrigues;garrigues
garro;garro
garry;garry
gartner;gartner
gary;gary
garza;heron
garzón;waiter
gas;gas
gaseoducto;pipeline
gases;gases
gasista;gasman
gaslighting;gaslighting
gasly;gasly
gasoducto;pipeline
gasoil;gasoil
gasolina;gasoline
gasolinera;fuel station
gass;gas
gastada;spent
gastado;spent
gastamo;we spent
gastar;to spend
gastarir;spend
gastarno;spend us
gastemos;lets spend
gasto;spent
gaston;gaston
gastro;gastro
gastrococtelería;gastrococktail bar
gastronomic;gastronomy
gastronomía;gastronomy
gastronòmic;gastronomic
gastronómica;gastronomic
gastronómico;gastronomic
gastronómicos;gastronomic
gastropología;gastropology
gastrómetro;gastrometer
gastón;gaston
gasístico;gasistic
gasóleo;diesel oil
gata;cat
gatera;cat flap
gateway;gateway
gato;cat
gaudí;gaudi
gavasa;gavasa
gavin;gavin
gaviria;gaviria
gavión;gabion
gay;gay
gaya;gaya
gayo;gay
gaza;loop
gazpacho;gazpacho
gb;gb
gbc;gbc
gbce;gbce
gcc;gcc
gcf;gcf
gdi;gdi
gdnative;gdnative
gdpr;gdpr
gdscript;gdscript
geating;geating
gecis;gecis
geekshubs;geekshubs
geely;geely
geerts;geerts
gei;gee
gel;gel
gelificant;gelling
geltrú;geltrú
gem;gem
gema;gem
gemela;twin
gemelo;twin
gen;gene
genaro;genaro
gencell;gencell
genealogía;genealogy
generacional;generational
generación;generation
generado;generated
generador;generator
generadora;generator
general;general
generales;general
generali;generali
generalidad;generality
generalista;generalist
generalistas;generalists
generalitat;generalitat
generalización;generalization
generalizado;widespread
generalizar;generalize
generalmente;usually
generamos;we generate
generar;generate
generarar;generate
generarte;generate you
generation;generation
genere;generate
generir;generate
generosamente;generously
generoso;generous
genesis;genesis
genial;cool
genialidad;genius
genio;genius
genital;genital
genocidio;genocide
gente;people
gentiloni;gentiloni
gentlemen;gentlemen
gentrificación;gentrification
genuinamente;genuinely
genuino;genuine
genuín;genuine
genç;genç
genérico;generic
genética;genetics
genéticamente;genetically
genético;genetic
genís;genius
genómica;genomics
geo;geo
geoaudiencia;geoaudience
geoespacial;geospatial
geoestratégico;geostrategic
geografía;geography
geographic;geographic
geográfico;geographical
geoingenieer;geoengineer
geoingeniería;geoengineering
geolocalización;geolocation
geolocalizar;geolocate
geología;geology
geológico;geological
geometría;geometry
geométrico;geometric
geopolítica;geopolitics
geopolítico;geopolitical
geoportal;geoportal
geoposicionado;geopositioned
geoposicionar;geoposition
george;george
georgetown;georgetown
georgia;georgia
georgieva;georgieva
georgina;georgina
geoscience;geoscience
geotermia;geothermal
geothermal;geothermal
geotécnico;geotechnical
geotérmico;geothermal
geovanna;geovanna
geovanny;geovanny
gerais;gerais
gerard;gerard
gerardo;gerardo
gerd;gerd
gerencia;management
gerentar;manage
gerente;manager
gerez;gerez
geriatra;geriatrician
geringonça;geringonça
gerini;gerini
germaine;germane
german;german
germano;german
germanwatch;germanwatch
germán;german
gerretsen;gerretsen
gesintur;gesintur
gesop;gesop
gesplan;gesplan
gesta;deed
gestar;gestate
gestiona;manage
gestionable;manageable
gestionadas;managed
gestionado;managed
gestionar;manage
gestionarla;manage it
gestionáis;you manage
gestión;management
gesto;gesture
gestor;manager
gestora;manager
gestoras;managers
get;get
gettcdata;gettcdata
getty;getty
gfg;gfg
gfi;gfi
gfn;gfn
gg;gg
ghana;ghana
ghani;ghani
ghg;ghg
ghop;ghop
giacobone;giacobone
giambartolomei;giambartolomei
gianni;gianni
gibert;gibert
gibson;gibson
gicas;cool
gico;gico
gigafactoría;gigafactory
gigafábrica;gigafactory
gigante;giant
gigantes;giants
gigantesca;gigantic
gigantesco;gigantic
gigapixel;gigapixel
gil;gil
gilbert;gilbert
gilder;gilder
giles;giles
gili;gili
gilles;gilles
gimen;moan
gimnasio;gym
giménez;gimenez
gina;gina
ginebra;geneva
ginecología;gynecology
gini;gini
gioia;gioia
giorgia;georgia
giorguli;giorguli
giovanni;giovanni
gira;tour
giraldo;giraldo
girar;to turn
girasol;sunflower
giratorio;rotary
girbau;girbau
girir;rotate
giro;turn
girona;girona
girón;spin
gisling;gisling
gistau;gistau
git;git
gitano;gypsy
gitlab;gitlab
gitt;gitt
gitán;gypsy
giuseppe;giuseppe
giz;giz
gizzard;gizzard
glacial;glacial
glaciar;glacier
glacé;glacé
glaesser;glaesser
glamour;glamor
glasgow;glasgow
glen;glen
glifosato;glyphosate
glioma;glioma
global;global
globales;global
globalfoundries;globalfoundries
globalia;globalia
globalidad;globality
globalismo;globalism
globalista;globalist
globalización;globalization
globalizado;globalized
globalizar;globalize
globalmente;globally
globalvia;globalvia
globalvía;globalvía
globam;global
globo;balloon
gloria;glory
glorioso;glorious
glover;glover
glovo;balloon
glucémico;glycemic
glups;glups
glutar;glutar
glutir;glutir
glyndebourne;glyndebourne
glück;glück
gmbh;gmbh
gmt;gmt
gn;gn
gnl;lng
gnóstico;gnostic
go;go
goal;goal
goals;goals
goberna;rules
gobernabilidad;governance
gobernación;governorship
gobernador;governor
gobernadores;governors
gobernante;ruler
gobernanza;governance
gobernar;govern
gobierno;government
gobiernos;governments
gocen;enjoy
gochujang;gochujang
gocir;enjoy
godella;godella
godley;godley
godot;godot
godó;gothic
goenaga;goenaga
gogh;gogh
gogó;gogo
goiri;goiri
goirigolzarri;goirigolzarri
gol;goal
golazo;great goal
gold;golden
goldajn;goldajn
goldfajn;goldfajn
goldir;goldir
goldman;goldman
goleada;thrashed
goleador;goal scorer
golf;golf
golfo;gulf
golondrina;swallow
golpe;blow
golpeado;beaten
golpear;beat
golpista;putschist
goma;rubber
gomasio;gomasio
gomes;gomes
gomez;gomez
gondán;gondan
gonzalo;gonzalo
gonzález;gonzalez
good;good
goodall;goodall
goode;goode
google;google
googledocs;google docs
goose;goose
gop;gop
gord;fat
gordita;chubby girl
gordo;fat
gordon;gordon
gore;gore
goretex;gore-tex
gorga;gorge
gorgos;gorgos
gorini;gorini
gorka;gorka
gorostidi;gorostidi
gorra;cap
gorro;hat
gortázar;gortázar
gota;drop
gotardo;gotthard
gotas;drops
goteo;drip
goula;goula
goulart;goulart
gourmand;gourmand
gourmet;gourmet
govern;rule
governance;governance
goxo;goxo
goya;goya
gozar;enjoy
gozo;joy
gp;gp
gps;gps
gpu;gpu
gq;gq
gra;big
grabación;recording
grabado;recorded
grabar;record
grace;grace
gracia;grace
gracias;thank you
graciela;grace
gracioso;funny
grada;harrow
grade;grade
gradiente;gradient
grado;degree
graduación;graduation
graduada;graduated
graduado;graduate
gradual;gradual
gradualismo;gradualism
gradualmente;gradually
graduar;graduate
graduarte;graduate
graduate;graduated
graffitisbbc;graffitibbc
grafiteado;graffiti
grafito;graphite
graham;graham
gramo;gram
gramsci;gramsci
granada;grenade
granadino;grenadian
granado;pomegranate
granados;pomegranates
grancanario;gran canaria
grand;great
granda;great
granel;bulk
granito;granite
granizada;hailstorm
granja;farm
granjero;farmer
grano;grain
granos;grain
grant;grant
grantham;grantham
granularidad;granularity
graph;graph
graphic;graphics
grar;gr
grasa;fat
grasita;greasy
graso;fatty
gratificante;gratifying
gratis;free
gratitud;gratitude
gratuidad;gratuity
gratuitamente;free of charge
gratuito;gratuitous
grau;thank you
gravado;taxed
gravamen;assessment
gravar;tax
grave;serious
gravedad;gravity
gravemente;seriously
gravísimo;very serious
gravós;taxed
grazalema;grazalema
grear;grear
greaves;greaves
grecia;greece
greco;greek
greece;greece
green;green
greenbushes;greenbushes
greeneconomy;greeneconomy
greenfield;green field
greenland;greenland
greenpeace;greenpeace
greenwashing;greenwashing
gregoria;gregory
gregorio;gregory
gregory;gregory
greguería;gregueria
gremial;union
gremio;guild
gres;stoneware
greta;greta
gri;gray
griegas;greek
griego;greek
grieta;fissure
grifo;faucet
grillo;cricket
grimes;grimes
grip;grip
gripe;flu
gris;gray
griselda;griselda
gritar;shout
grito;scream
groenlandia;greenland
groenlandés;greenlandic
grofit;grofit
grohmann;grohmann
grosor;thickness
grosso;grosso
grotesco;grotesque
group;group
groupe;group
groups;groups
growing;growing
growth;growth
grueso;thick
grupal;group
grupo;cluster
grupúsculo;small group
gráfica;graph
gráfico;graphic
grávalos;tax them
grégory;gregory
grúa;crane
grúas;cranes
grúo;crane
gsapp;gsapp
gsas;gasses
gsd;gsd
gsg;gsg
gsi;gsi
gsk;gsk
gsss;gsss
gt;gt
gtres;gtres
guacamole;guacamole
guadalajara;guadalajara
guadalquivir;guadalquivir
guadalupe;guadeloupe
guadarrama;guadarrama
guadaíra;guadaira
guadañar;scythe
guadaño;scythe
guadiana;guadiana
guagua;bus
guaguas;buses
guajardo;guajardo
guakame;guakame
gualinga;gualinga
guamán;guaman
guanacaste;guanacaste
guanajuato;guanajuato
guanche;guanche
guant;glove
guante;glove
guanyu;guanyu
guanábana;soursop
guarda;guard
guardabosqu;ranger
guardado;saved
guardamar;guardamar
guardamos;we keep
guardar;save
guardarropa;wardrobe
guardería;kindergarten
guardia;guard
guardian;guardian
guardiana;guardian
guardianchris;guardianchris
guardias;guards
guardiola;guardiola
guardián;guardian
guarnición;garrison
guarulhos;guarulhos
guatemala;guatemala
guayana;guiana
gubernamental;governmental
gubernamentales;governmental
gubianas;gouges
gucci;gucci
guedes;guedes
gueir;gueir
guerra;war
guerrera;warrior
guerrero;warrior
guerrilla;warfare
guerrillero;guerrilla
guest;guest
guetaria;getaria
gueto;ghetto
guiada;guided
guiado;guided
guiar;guide
guiarno;guide us
guichon;guichon
guijarro;pebble
guijuelo;guijuelo
guillaume;guillaume
guille;guille
guillem;guillem
guillermo;william
guinarte;wink at you
guinda;cherry
guindilla;chilli
guindos;cherries
guinea;guinea
guineas;guineas
guinnes;guinness
guinness;guinness
guion;script
guionista;screenwriter
guipuzcoano;guipuzcoan
guipúzcoa;guipuzcoa
guir;guir
guirao;guirao
guisando;stewing
guisant;pea
guisante;pea
guiso;stew
guitarra;guitar
guitart;guitar
guiño;wink
guión;screenplay
gulliver;gulliver
gumersindo;gumersindo
gundlock;gunlock
gunnar;gunnar
guns;guns
guriezo;guriezo
gurira;gurira
gurman;gurman
gurmé;gourmet
gurnah;gurnah
gurza;gurza
gusano;worm
gustar;like
gustativo;gustatory
gustau;liked
gustavo;gustavo
guste;like
gustir;like
gusto;taste
guterres;guterres
gutiérrez;gutierrez
guyana;guyana
guzmán;guzman
guzzafame;guzzafame
guàrdia;guard
guía;guide
guðlaug;guðlaug
gvir;gvir
gwendal;gwendal
gwh;gwh
gyaltsen;gyaltsen
gyoza;gyoza
gyroscope;gyroscope
gálvez;galvez
gánate;earn yourself
gándara;gangara
gárgola;gargoyle
gã;gã
género;gender
géneros;genders
gómez;gomez
góndola;gondola
gótico;gothic
göttel;gottel
göttingen;gottingen
güell;guell
günter;gunter
haas;haas
hab;room
habana;havana
habemus;habemus
haber;to have
haberl;haberl
habida;given
habiendo;having
habilidad;ability
habilitación;qualification
habilitado;enabled
habilitador;enabler
habilitadora;enabling
habilitar;enable
habitabilidad;habitability
habitable;habitable
habitacional;housing
habitación;room
habitado;inhabited
habitante;habitant
habitar;live
habitarer;dwell
habitat;habitat
habitual;usual
habitualmente;habitually
habitáculo;cockpit
hablado;spoken
hablar;speak
hablarte;talk to you
hablarã;to talk to
habler;talk
hablé;i talked
habrã;there will be
habéi;habéi
habéis;have you
haced;dob
hacer;do
hacer tú;you do
hacer yo;do i
hacerlo;do it
hacerno;make us
hacerte;make you
hacertir;maketir
hacha;axe
hacienda;tax authorities
haciendo yo;doing me
hacinamiento;overcrowding
haciéndola;doing it
haciéndolar;making it
haciéndolo;doing it
haciéndote;making you
hackathon;hackathon
hackear;to hack
hacker;hacker
hackers;hackers
hacking;hacking
hackyourcareer;hackyourcareer
hacéis;you do
hacérselar;make him
hacérselo;do it
hacíamos;we did
hacíar;do
haddadi;haddadi
hadid;hadid
haeckel;haeckel
haer;do
haga;make
hagar;do
hagas;you do
haggard;haggard
hagibis;hagibis
haiku;haiku
haiti;haiti
haitiano;haitian
haitians;haitians
haiting;haitian
haitián;haitian
haití;haiti
hakata;hakata
hakimi;hakimi
halagüeño;flattering
halal;halal
halcón;hawk
haleon;haleon
halifax;halifax
hall;hall
hallar;find
hallazgo;finding
hallir;find
halloween;halloween
halo;halo
hamaca;hammock
hamad;hamad
hambre;hunger
hambriento;hungry
hambrir;starve
hambruna;famine
hamburgo;hamburg
hamburguesa;burger
hamburguesas;burgers
hamilton;hamilton
hamitlon;hamilton
hans;hans
har;har
harar;make
harari;harari
hard;hard
hardenning;hardening
hardware;hardware
harina;flour
harjeet;harjeet
harrison;harrison
harrop;harrop
harry;harry
harta;fed up
hartacer;fill up
hartazgo;satiety
harth;hart
harvard;harvard
harvey;harvey
harás;you will do
has;have you
hashtag;hashtag
hassan;hassan
hastío;weariness
hat;hat
hatje;hatje
hatoum;hatoum
havas;havas
have;have
hawes;hawes
haya;is
hayamos;lets have
hayas;beeches
hayworth;hayworth
hayya;have now
hayáis;you have
haz;make
hazanavicius;hazanavicius
hazaña;feat
hazel;hazel
hazla;make it
hazlo;do it
hazme;make me
haznos;make us
hazte;make yourself
hd;hd
hdz;hdz
head;head
headless;headless
heads;heads
health;health
healthcare;healthcare
healthy;healthy
heart;heart
heat;heat
heatgear;heatgear
hebra;strand
hecha;done
hecho;done
hectárea;hectare
hectómetro;hectometer
hedonismo;hedonism
heed;heed
hegan;hegan
hegemonía;hegemony
hegemónico;hegemonic
height;height
heineken;heineken
hejal;hejal
heladería;ice cream shop
helado;frozen
helena;helena
helicóptero;helicopter
helix;helix
hellín;hellin
helms;helmets
helmut;helmut
helsinki;helsinki
hem;hem
hemeroteca;newspaper library
hemiciclo;hemicycle
hemisferio;hemisphere
hemorragia;hemorrhage
hemper;hempers
henares;hayfields
henneo;henna
henri;henri
henrique;henrique
henríquez;henriquez
heo;hey
hepatitis;hepatitis
hepatobiliopancreático;hepatobiliopancreatic
hepática;hepatic
herald;herald
heras;heras
hercio;hertz
here;here
heredado;inherited
heredar;inherit
heredera;heiress
heredero;inheritor
heredia;heredia
heredir;inherit
herencia;inheritance
hergar;hergar
herheim;herheim
herida;wound
herido;injured
heringer;heringer
hermana;sister
hermanada;twinned
hermandades;sororities
hermann;hermann
hermano;brother
hermanos;brothers
hermeneus;hermeneus
hermes;hermes
hermoso;handsome
hermético;airtight
hernando;hernando
hernani;hernani
hernán;hernan
hernández;hernandez
hero;hero
heroicidad;heroism
herramienta;tool
herramientar;tool
herramiento;tool
herrera;blacksmith
herrero;blacksmith
herráez;herráez
herráiz;herráiz
hers;hers
herta;herta
hervidero;swarm
hervir;boil
hervás;hervás
herwig;herwig
herzegovina;herzegovina
hesmiferio;hemisphere
hesse;hessian
heterogéneo;heterogeneous
heteropatriarcal;heteropatriarchal
hetzel;hetzel
heura;hour
hev;hev
hevia;hevia
hexágono;hexagon
hez;dregs
hi;hi
hialurónico;hyaluronic
hiba;hiba
hibridación;hybridization
hibridar;hybridize
hidalgo;gentleman
hiddir;hiddir
hideaway;hide away
hideki;hideki
hidra;hydra
hidraqua;hydraqua
hidrata;hydrates
hidratado;hydrous
hidratante;moisturizing
hidrato;hydrate
hidroala;hydrofoil
hidrocarburo;hydrocarbon
hidrocarburos;hydrocarbons
hidroeléctrica;hydroelectric
hidroeléctrico;hydroelectric
hidrofóbico;hydrophobic
hidrográfico;hydrographic
hidroituango;hydroituango
hidrológico;hydrological
hidromasaje;whirlpool
hidroponía;hydroponics
hidropónico;hydroponic
hidrosanitario;plumbing
hidroterapia;hydrotherapy
hidrovía;waterway
hidráulica;hydraulics
hidráulico;hydraulic
hidrógeno;hydrogen
hidróxido;hydroxide
hielo;ice
hierba;herb
hierbabuena;peppermint
hierbaluisa;verbena
hierbas;herbs
hierro;iron
hifi;hifi
high;high
higher;higher
higiene;hygiene
higienir;sanitize
higienizadoro;sanitizer
higiénico;hygienic
higo;fig
higroscópico;hygroscopic
higuera;fig tree
higuir;higuir
hija;daughter
hijas;daughters
hijiffy;hijiffy
hijita;daughter
hijo;son
hijos;sons
hilaridad;hilarity
hilary;hilary
hildalgo;gentleman
hilfiger;hilfiger
hill;hills
hillary;hillary
hilo;thread
hilton;hilton
himitian;himitian
himno;anthem
hincapiã;emphasized
hincapié;emphasis
hincha;fan
hinds;hindus
hindú;hindu
hinojo;fennel
hinojosa;fennel
hiperbólico;hyperbolic
hiperconectado;hyperconnected
hiperdevaluación;hyperdevaluation
hiperinflación;hyperinflation
hiperpremiado;hyper-awarded
hiperproductividad;hyperproductivity
hiperproteico;hyperproteic
hiperproximidad;hyperproximity
hipersónica;hypersonic
hipertextual;hypertextual
hipnotizarte;hypnotize you
hipocalórica;hypocaloric
hipocalórico;hypocaloric
hipocresía;hypocrisy
hipoteca;mortgage
hipotecar;mortgage
hipotecaria;mortgage
hipotecario;mortgage
hipotético;hypothetical
hippie;hippy
hipócrita;hypocrite
hipótesis;hypothesis
hirane;hirane
hirata;hirata
hiring;hiring
hiroaki;hiroaki
his;his
hiscox;hiscox
hispalense;seville
hispalink;hispalink
hispania;hispania
hispanismo;hispanism
hispanitas;hispanitas
hispano;hispanic
hispanoamericán;hispanic american
hispanohablante;spanish-speaking
historia;history
historiador;historian
historiadora;historian
historiadoro;historian
historial;record
historio;history
històries;stories
histórica;historical
históricamente;historically
históricas;historical
histórico;historical
hita;hita
hitler;hitler
hito;milestone
hobbs;hobbs
hobby;hobby
hoc;hoc
hockerty;hockerty
hockey;hockey
hoeflich;hoeflich
hoffman;hoffmann
hoffmann;hoffmann
hogan;hogan
hogar;home
hoja;sheet
hojita;little leaf
hola;hello
holaluz;hello, luz
holanda;netherlands
holandesa;dutch
holandés;dutch
holdouts;holdouts
holidays;holidays
hollywood;hollywood
holm;holm
holon;holon
holstein;holstein
holístico;holistic
hombre;men
hombres;mens
hombro;shoulder
home;home
homenaje;tribute
homenajear;honor
homero;homer
homes;home
homicidio;homicide
hommo;homomo
homofobia;homophobia
homogeneidad;homogeneity
homogeneización;homogenization
homogeneizar;homogenize
homogénea;homogeneous
homogéneo;homogeneous
homologable;homologable
homologación;homologation
homologado;approved
homosexual;homosexual
homosexualidad;homosexuality
homsy;homsy
homóloga;homologous
homólogo;counterpart
homónima;namesake
homónimo;namesake
honda;sling
hondo;deep
honduras;honduras
hondureña;honduran
hondureño;honduran
hondón;hondon
honest;honest
honesta;honest
honestamente;honestly
honestidad;honesty
honesto;honest
hong;hong
hongo;mushroom
honor;honor
honorable;honorable
honorario;honorary
honorífico;honorific
honrado;honored
honrar;honor
hood;hood
hookings;hookings
hopes;hopes
hopfenbeck;hopfenbeck
hora;hour
horacio;horace
horadada;pierced
horadar;bore
horario;schedule
horas;hours
horcher;horcher
horeca;horeca
horgan;horgan
horizon;horizon
horizontal;horizontal
horizontalidad;horizontality
horizontalmente;horizontally
horizonte;horizon
horizontes;horizons
horma;last
hormigonacer;concrete
hormigonado;concreting
hormiguero;anthill
hormigón;concrete
hormona;hormone
hormonal;hormonal
hormonas;hormones
horneado;baked
horner;horner
horno;oven
horquilla;fork
horrendo;horrific
horrible;horrible
horrorizado;horrified
horrorosa;horrible
horse;horse
horst;horst
horta;horta
hortaliza;vegetable
hortensia;hydrangea
hortofrutícola;fruit and vegetable
hosni;hosni
hospedaje;lodging
hospedar;accommodate
hospital;hospital
hospitalaria;hospitable
hospitalario;hospitable
hospitales;hospitals
hospitalet;hospitalet
hospitalidad;hospitality
hospitality;hospitality
hospitalización;hospitalization
host;host
hostal;lodging house
hoste;hostel
hostelera;hotelier
hostelero;hotelier
hostelería;hostelry
hosteltur;hosteltur
hostia;host
hostil;hostile
hostilidad;hostility
hotel;hotel
hoteler;hotelier
hotelera;hotelier
hotelero;hotelier
hoteles;hotels
hotelplanner;hotelplanner
hotels;hotels
hoteltreats;hoteltreats
houlahan;houlahan
hour;hours
house;home
housing;housing
housito;housito
housnat;housnat
howard;howard
howeitat;howeitat
howells;howells
howey;howey
hoyo;hole
hp;#!
hpd;hpd
hr;hr
hrana;hrana
href;href
hrs;hrs
hs;hs
html;html
hua;whoa
huaraz;huaraz
huascar;huascar
huawei;huawei
hub;hub
hubert;hubert
hubiés;would you have
hubiéser;would have been
hubmedia;hubmedia
hubs;hubs
hue;hue
hueco;hollow
huelar;smell
huelga;strike
huella;fingerprint
huellos;footprints
huelva;smell
huerta;vegetable plot
huertas;orchards
huerto;vegetable patch
huesca;huesca
hueso;bone
hueva;roe
huevir;egg
huevo;egg
huffpost;huffpost
hugo;hugo
hugochan;hugochan
huichapan;huichapan
huida;flight
huir;run away
hulkenberg;hulkenberg
hulla;coal
huma yo;hum me
humaine;humaine
human;human
humana;human
humanidad;humanity
humanidades;humanities
humanismo;humanism
humanista;humanist
humanitaria;humanitarian
humanitario;humanitarian
humano;human
humanos;humans
humberto;humbert
humedad;humidity
humedal;wetland
humildad;modesty
humilde;humble
humillación;humiliation
humilladero;humiliation
humillante;humiliating
humillárar;humiliate
hummus;hummus
humo;smoke
humor;humor
humorista;humorist
humv;hmv
hundir;to sink
hundirtir;sink
hungría;hungary
hunosa;hunose
hunt;hunt
hunter;hunter
huracán;hurricane
hurstel;hurttel
hutan;hutan
huxtable;huxtable
huérfano;orphan
huésped;guest
hvv;hvv
hy;hi
hybrid;hybrid
hybrit;hybrid
hyde;hyde
hydeal;hydeal
hydrogen;hydrogen
hygienic;hygienic
hyman;hyman
hyperloop;hyperloop
hyundai;hyundai
hyvia;hyvia
hz;hz
hábil;skilled
hábilmente;skillfully
hábitat;habitat
hábitats;habitats
hábito;habit
hábitos;habits
hándicap;handicap
háptico;haptic
härtner;hartner
héctor;hector
hélène;hélène
héroe;hero
héroes;heroes
híbrida;hybrid
híbrido;hybrid
híbrir;hybrid
hídrica;water
hídrico;hydric
hídricos;hydrological
hígado;liver
hípercompetitivo;hypercompetitive
húmedo;wet
húngar;hungarian
ia;ia
iago;iago
ian;ian
iass;iass
iatp;iatp
ib;ib
ibai;i was going
ibarra;ibarra
ibañez;ibanez
ibercaja;ibercaja
iberdrola;iberdrola
iberglobal;iberglobal
iberia;iberia
iberica;iberian
iberoamerica ;iberoamerica
iberoamericana;iberoamerican
iberoamericano;iberoamerican
iberoamérica;iberoamerica
iberostar;iberostar
ibex;ibex
ibicenca;ibicencan
ibiza;ibiza
ibm;ibm
iboxamicina;iboxamycin
ibu;ibu
ibuprofeno;ibuprofen
ibáñez;ibanez
ibérica;iberian
ibérico;iberian
ibéricos;iberian
ic;ic
icaa;icaa
icaen;icaen
icafe;icafe
ical;ical
icas;icas
icbs;icbs
icc;icc
icct;ict
ice;ice
icea;icea
iceberg;iceberg
iceta;iceta
icex;icex
icf;icf
icjce;icjce
ick;ick
ico;ico
icom;icom
icon;icon
icono;icon
icrea;icreate
icreg;icreg
icts;strokes
ictus;ictus
icónica;iconic
icónico;iconic
id;id
ida;going
idaho;idaho
idai;idai
idarraga;idarraga
idc;idc
iddri;iddri
ide;sdi
idea;idea
ideado;devised
ideal;ideal
idealista;idealistic
idealizado;idealized
idealizas;you idealize
idealmente;ideally
idear;devise
ideario;ideology
ideas;ideas
ideaslocas;crazy ideas
ideauto;ideaauto
identidad;identity
identidades;identities
identificable;identifiable
identificación;id
identificado;identified
identificar;to identify
identificarla;identify her
identificaron;identified
identificativo;identification
identitario;identity
ideología;ideology
ideológico;ideological
idepa;ideapa
iderawumi;iderawumi
idermar;idermar
ideólogo;ideologist
idiazábal;idiazabal
idioma;idiom
idiomas;languages
idiosincrasia;idiosyncrasy
idiota;moron
idiotas;idiots
idival;idival
ido;gone
idolatría;idolatry
idoneidad;suitability
idsa;idsa
idéntico;identical
idílico;idyllic
idóneo;suitable
ie;i.e.
iea;iea
iee;iee
iese;iese
ifa;ifa
ifema;ifema
ifi;ifi
iframar;iframar
ifs;ifs
ig;ig
ige;ige
iger;iger
iggy;iggy
iglesia;church
iglesias;churches
ignacio;ignacio
ignorancia;ignorance
ignorar;to ignore
igual;same
igualado;equalized
igualar;equalize
igualdad;equality
igualdade;equality
igualitario;egalitarian
igualmente;you too
ihcantabria;ihcantabria
ihcantabrio;ihcantabrio
iheb;iheb
ii;ii
iic;iic
iif;if
iigcc;iigcc
iii;iii
iijs;iijs
iipp;iipp
ijmuiden;ijmuiden
ikea;ikea
ikeda;ikeda
ikigai;ikigai
ikizukuri;ikizukuri
ilan;ilan
ilar;ilar
ildefonso;ildefonso
ilegal;illegal
ilegalidad;illegality
ilegalmente;illegally
ilight;ilight
ilimitable;unlimited
ilimitada;unlimited
ilimitado;unlimited
illa;illa
illes;illes
illescas;illescas
ilo;ilo
iluminación;illumination
iluminado;illuminated
iluminar;glow up
ilunion;illusion
ilusionado;excited
ilusionante;exciting
ilusionar;excite
ilusión;delusion
ilustraciones;illustrations
ilustración;illustration
ilustrada;illustrated
ilustrado;illustrated
ilustrador;illustrator
ilustradora;illustrator
ilustradoro;illustrator
ilustran;illustrate
ilustrar;to illustrate
ilustrativo;illustrative
ilustre;illustrious
ilícito;illicit
ilíquido;illiquid
ilógico;illogical
im;im
image;picture
imagen;image
images;pictures
imagesgetty;imagesgetty
imagin;imagine
imagina;imagine
imaginación;imagination
imaginado;imagined
imaginar;to imagine
imaginario;imaginary
imaginarte;imagine
imaginativa;imagination
imaginativo;imaginative
imagine;imagine
imagínatar;imagine
imagínate;go figure
imagínatir;imagine
imagínese;imagine
imax;imax
imborrable;indelible
imbuida;imbued
imco;imco
imdea;imidea
imedea;imedea
imelda;imelda
imitar;mock
imp;imp
impaciente;impatient
impact;impact
impactado;shocked
impactant;shocking
impactante;shocking
impactar;impact
impactir;impact
impacto;impact
impago;default
imparable;unstoppable
impartido;taught
impartir;to impart
impasible;impassive
impass;impasse
impasse;impasse
impeachment;impeachment
impecable;impeccable
impedancia;impedance
impedir;prevent
impensable;unthinkable
imperan;prevail
imperant;prevailing
imperar;prevail
imperativo;imperative
imperdible;safety pin
imperfección;imperfection
imperial;imperial
imperiale;imperial
imperio;empire
imperioso;imperative
impermeable;waterproof
impersonations;impersonations
impidió;prevented
implantación;implantation
implantada;implanted
implantar;implant
implementación;implementation
implementada;implemented
implementado;implemented
implementar;implement
implementarir;implementir
implementation;implementation
implementir;implement
implementándolo;implementing it
implica;it implies
implicación;implication
implicado;involved
implicancia;implication
implicar;to imply
implorar;implore
implosionar;implode
implosión;implosion
implícito;implicit
impone;imposes
imponencia;grandeur
imponent;imposing
imponente;imposing
imponer;to impose
impongar;impose
imponible;taxable
impopular;unpopular
impopularidad;unpopularity
importación;import
importado;imported
importador;importer
importancia;importance
important;important
importante;important
importantísima;very important
importantísimo;very important
importar;to import
importar yo;import me
importe;amount
imported;imported
imposibilidad;impossibility
imposibilita;makes impossible
imposibilitar;preclude
imposibilitir;make impossible
imposible;impossible
imposición;imposition
impositivo;tax
impostada;imposted
impostergab;impostergab
impostergable;urgent
impostor;impostor
impotencia;impotence
impotente;powerless
impredecibl;unpredictable
impredecible;unpredictable
impregna;impregnates
impregnar;impregnate
imprenta;printing
impresa;printed
impresar;print
impresas;printed
imprescindible;essential
impresionant;impressive
impresionante;awesome
impresionar;impress
impresión;print
impreso;printed
impresora;printing machine
impressions;impressions
imprimierar;print
imprimir;to print
improbable;unlikely
improductivo;unproductive
impronta;imprint
impropio;improper
improven;improve
improvisado;makeshift
imprudente;reckless
impuesto;tax
impulsa;drives
impulsado;driven
impulsar;boost
impulsen;drive
impulsir;boost
impulsivo;impulsive
impulso;impulse
impulsor;driving
impulsora;impeller
impulsoro;impeller
impulsándono;driving us
impunidad;impunity
impureza;impurity
imputación;imputation
imputado;defendant
imputar;impute
impávido;undaunted
imv;im v
imágenes;images
imán;magnet
in;in
ina;inna
inabarcable;immeasurable
inacabado;unfinished
inaccesibilidad;inaccessibility
inaccesible;inaccessible
inacción;inaction
inaceptabl;unacceptable
inaceptable;unacceptable
inactivo;inactive
inadecuado;inadequate
inadmisible;inadmissible
inadvertido;unnoticed
inael;inael
inagotable;inexhaustible
inalienable;inalienable
inalterado;unchanged
inalámbrico;wireless
inalámbricos;wireless
inane;inane
inaraja;inaraja
inasumibl;unaffordable
inauguración;opening
inaugurado;inaugurated
inaugural;inaugural
inaugurar;inaugurate
inaugurarer;inaugurate
inaugurir;inaugurate
inauguro;i inaugurate
inautorizable;unauthorizable
inc;inc
inca;inca
incansable;tireless
incapacidad;inability
incapaz;unable
incautar;seize
incendiado;set on fire
incendiar;fire
incendiario;incendiary
incendio;fire
incentivadoro;encouraging
incentivar;encourage
incentiver;incentivize
incentivo;incentive
incerteza;uncertainty
incertidumbre;uncertainty
incertidumbres;uncertainties
incesante;incessant
inciarte;get started
incibe;incibe
incidencia;incidence
incidente;incident
incidir;influence
incierta;uncertain
incierto;uncertain
incineradoro;incinerator
incipiente;incipient
incitar;incite
incivismo;incivility
inclinación;inclination
inclinado;inclined
inclinar;tilt
including;including
incluido;included
incluir;include
incluirer;include
inclusiva;inclusive
inclusivas;inclusive
inclusive;inclusive
inclusividad;inclusivity
inclusivir;inclusive
inclusivo;inclusive
inclusión;inclusion
incluye;it includes
incluyen;include
incluyendo;including
incluyent;inclusive
incluyente;inclusive
incluyenâ;includeâ
incluyo;i include
incoherente;incoherent
incomodidad;discomfort
incomparabl;incomparable
incomparable;incomparable
incompatible;incompatible
incompetencia;incompetence
incompleta;incomplete
incompleto;incomplete
incomprensible;incomprehensible
incomprensiblemente;incomprehensibly
inconcebible;inconceivable
inconclusa;unfinished
inconclusión;inconclusion
inconcluso;unfinished
incondicional;unconditional
inconfesabl;unspeakable
inconfesado;unconfessed
inconformismo;nonconformity
inconformista;nonconformist
inconfundible;unmistakable
incongruenciar;incongruent
inconsciente;unconscious
inconstitucional;unconstitutional
incontenido;uncontained
incontrolado;uncontrolled
inconveniente;drawback
incorpora;incorporates
incorporación;incorporation
incorporado;incorporated
incorporar;to incorporate
incorporarã;incorporate
incorporo;i incorporate
incorrecto;incorrect
incredulidad;disbelief
incrementado;increased
incremental;incremental
incrementamos;we increase
incrementar;increase
incremento;increase
increíbl;amazing
increíble;incredible
increíblemente;incredibly
incrustada;embedded
incrustado;embedded
incrustar;embed
incrédulo;incredulous
incubación;incubation
incubadora;incubator
incubar;incubate
incubó;incubus
incuestionable;unquestionable
inculcado;instilled
inculcar;inculcate
incumbir;incumbent
incumplar;default
incumplida;unfulfilled
incumplido;breached
incumplidor;defaulter
incumplimiento;breach
incumplir;breach
incur;incurred
incurra;incur
incurrir;incurring
incursión;incursion
incógnita;unknown
incógnito;incognito
incómodo;uncomfortable
indagar;inquire
indebidamente;improperly
indebido;improper
indec;indec
indeciso;undecided
indefinición;vagueness
indefinido;undefined
indeleble;indelible
indemnización;compensation
indemnizar;indemnify
independence;independence
independencia;independence
independent;independent
independiente;independent
independientemente;regardless
indescifrabl;indecipherable
indeseable;undesirable
indeseado;unwanted
indeterminado;indeterminate
indevido;undue
indexa;indexes
indexación;indexing
indexado;indexed
indexar;index
indexnow;indexnow
india;india
indiana;indiana
indicación;indication
indicada;indicated
indicado;indicated
indicador;indicator
indicadorar;indicate
indicar;indicate
indicativo;indicative
indice;index
indiciación;indexing
indicio;indication
indiferenciado;undifferentiated
indiferente;indifferent
indigenous;indigenous
indigent;destitute
indignación;indignation
indignante;outrageous
indignar;outrage
indio;indian
indirectamente;indirectly
indirectar;indirect
indirectir;indirect
indirecto;indirect
indiscriminadamente;indiscriminately
indiscutible;indisputable
indisolubl;insoluble
indispensable;indispensable
indispensables;indispensable
indistinguibl;indistinguishable
inditex;inditex
individual;individual
individualidad;individuality
individualismo;individualism
individualizado;individualized
individuo;individual
indo;indo
indocumentado;undocumented
indoloro;painless
indonesia;indonesia
inducción;induction
inducido;induced
inducir;induce
indudable;indubitable
indudablemente;undoubtedly
industralización;industrialization
industria;industry
industrial;industrial
industriales;industrial
industrialix;industrialix
industrialización;industrialization
industrializada;industrialized
industrializado;industrialized
industrialmente;industrially
industrias;industries
industrio;industry
industry;industry
indvidual;individual
indígena;indigenous
indígenas;natives
indígén;indigenous
ine;ine
inec;inec
inecc;inecc
ineficaces;ineffective
ineficaz;ineffective
ineficient;inefficient
ineficiente;inefficient
ineludible;inescapable
inequidad;inequality
inequitativo;inequitable
inequívoco;unequivocal
inercia;inertia
inercial;inertial
inertar;inert
inescrupuloso;unscrupulous
inesperado;unexpected
inestabilidad;instability
inestable;unstable
ineustar;ineustar
inevitable;inevitable
inevitablemente;inevitably
inexactitud;inaccuracy
inexacto;inaccurate
inexistencia;nonexistence
inexistente;non-existent
inexorable;inexorable
inexperiencia;inexperience
inexperto;inexperienced
inexplicablemente;inexplicably
infalible;infallible
infancia;childhood
infantas;infantas
infante;infant
infantes;infants
infantil;childish
infantiles;infantile
infantino;infantine
infarto;heart attack
infecciosas;infectious
infeccioso;infectious
infección;infection
infectar;infect
infeliz;unhappy
inferior;lower
inferioridad;inferiority
infertilidad;infertility
infidelidad;infidelity
infiel;unfaithful
infierno;hell
infiltración;infiltration
infiltradar;infiltrate
infinidad;plenty
infinita;infinite
infinitamente;infinitely
infinito;infinite
infinity;infinity
inflacionar;inflate
inflacionaria;inflationary
inflacionario;inflationary
inflacionista;inflationary
inflación;inflation
inflado;inflated
inflamable;flammable
inflamación;inflammation
inflamado;inflamed
inflamatoria;inflammatory
inflamatorio;inflammatory
inflation;inflation
inflexión;inflection
infligir;inflict
influence;influence
influencer;influencers
influencers;influencers
influencia;influence
influenciado;influenced
influido;influenced
influir;influence
influya;influence
influyar;influence
influyente;influential
infobip;infobeep
infoentretenimiento;infotainment
infografía;infographic
infonavit;infonavit
informacional;informational
informaciones;informations
información;information
informado;informed
informal;informal
informalidad;informality
informalmente;informally
informamos;we inform
informar;report
informarer;report
informarsir;informir
information;info
informativa;informative
informativas;informative
informativo;informative
informe;report
informir;report
informática;computing
informático;computer
infotactile;infotactile
infracción;infringement
infractor;offender
infractora;offending
infraestimado;underestimated
infraestructura;infrastructure
infraestructuras;infrastructures
infraponderación;underweight
infrared;infrared
infravalorada;underrated
infrecuent;infrequent
infringir;infringe upon
infructuós;unsuccessful
infundir;infuse
infusión;infusion
ing;ing
ingels;ingels
ingenia;ingenuity
ingeniera;engineer
ingeniero;engineer
ingenieros;engineers
ingeniería;engineering
ingenio;ingenuity
ingeniosa;witty
ingenioso;witty
ingent;ingent
ingente;huge
ingenuo;naive
ingerior;lower
ingerir;ingest
ingesta;intake
inglaterra;england
inglaterrabbc;englandbbc
inglã;english
inglés;english
ingobernabilidad;ungovernability
ingobernable;ungovernable
ingrata;ungrateful
ingrediente;ingredient
ingresar;get into
ingrese;enter
ingreso;entry
ingrid;ingrid
inhabilitación;disablement
inhabilitar;disable
inhabitabl;uninhabitable
inhabitable;uninhabitable
inhalación;inhalation
inhalar;inhale
inherente;inherent
inhibir;inhibit
inhumano;inhuman
ini;ini
inicia;start
iniciado;initiated
iniciador;initiator
inicial;initial
inicialmente;initially
iniciar;start
iniciarir;startgo
iniciativa;initiative
iniciativas;initiatives
iniciativo;initiative
inicie;start
inicien;start
inicio;beginning
inigualabl;matchless
inigualable;matchless
inimaginable;unimaginable
inimitable;inimitable
ininterrumpido;uninterrupted
initiativir;initiative
inject;inject
injerencia;interference
injerto;graft
injusta;unfair
injusticia;injustice
injustificada;unjustified
injusto;unfair
inloyalty;imloyalty
inma;inma
inmaculada;immaculate
inmanejable;unmanageable
inmaterial;immaterial
inmed;immediately
inmediata;immediate
inmediatamente;immediately
inmediatez;immediacy
inmediato;immediate
inmejorable;unbeatable
inmensidad;immensity
inmenso;immense
inmersiva;immersive
inmersivo;immersive
inmersión;immersion
inmerso;immersed
inmigración;immigration
inmigrante;immigrant
inmigrantes;immigrants
inminencia;imminence
inminente;imminent
inmiscuier;interfere
inmiscuir;intrude
inmobiliaria;real estate
inmobiliario;real estate
inmortal;immortal
inmueble;property
inmuebles;estate
inmunitaria;immune
inmunitario;immune
inmunológico;immunological
inmunoterapia;immunotherapy
inmutabl;immutable
innaccesible;inaccessible
innato;innate
innecesariamente;needlessly
innecesario;unnecessary
innegable;undeniable
innoenergy;innoenergy
innova;innovate
innovaciones;innovations
innovación;innovation
innovador;innovative
innovadora;innovative
innovadores;innovative
innovadoro;innovative
innovar;innovate
innovation;innovation
innovations;innovations
innovative;innovative
innsomnia;insomnia
innumerable;innumerable
inobjetable;unobjectionable
inocente;innocent
inocentes ;innocent
inocuo;innocuous
inofensivo;harmless
inolvidable;unforgettable
inoportuna;inopportune
inox;stainless
inoxidable;stainless
input;input
inquebrantable;unwavering
inquietante;disturbing
inquietar;disturb
inquieto;restless
inquietud;concern
inquilino;tenant
inquisitiva;inquisitive
insalubre;unhealthy
insalvable;insurmountable
insatisfacción;dissatisfaction
insatisfecho;dissatisfied
insaturada;unsaturated
insaturado;unsaturated
inscribir;enroll
inscripción;inscription
inscrito;signed up
insecto;insect
insectos;insects
insegura;insecure
inseguridad;unsafety
inseguridades;insecurities
inseguro;insecure
inseparable;inseparable
inserción;insertion
insertar;insert
inserto;insert
inservible;useless
insider;insider
insight;insight
insights;insights
insignia;badge
insignificante;insignificant
insignio;badge
insinuar;insinuate
insiste;insists
insistencia;insistence
insistente;insistent
insistimos;we insist
insistir;to insist
insisto;i insist
insomnia;insomnia
insospechado;unsuspected
insostenible;untenable
inspeccionar;to inspect
inspección;inspection
inspector;inspector
inspiración;inspiration
inspirado;inspired
inspirador;inspiring
inspiradora;inspiring
inspiradoro;inspiring
inspirar;inspire
inspiraro;inspire you
inspiration;inspiration
inspirir;inspire
instagram;instagram
instalaciones;installations
instalación;facility
instalado;installed
instalar;install
instalarir;install
instamos;we urge
instanceof;instanceof
instancia;instance
instancias;instances
instante;instant
instantáneamente;instantly
instantáneo;instant
instar;to urge
instauración;establishment
instaurar;set up
instigar;instigate
instinto;instinct
institucional;institutional
institucionales;institutional
institucionalidad;institutionality
instituciones;institutions
institución;institution
institut;institute
institute;institute
instituto;institute
institutos;institutes
insto;urge
instrucción;instruction
instruido;instructed
instruir;instruct
instruirno;instruct us
instrumentación;instrumentation
instrumental;instrumental
instrumentalización;instrumentalization
instrumentalizar;instrumentalize
instrumento;instrument
insuficiencia;insufficiency
insuficiente;insufficient
insufrible;insufferable
insular;insular
insulares;insular
insulina;insulin
insultar;to insult
insultir;insult
insulto;insult
insumo;input
insumos;supplies
insurance;insurance
insurgencia;insurgency
insurgentes;insurgents
insustituible;irreplaceable
insólito;unusual
inta;inta
intachable;impeccable
intacto;intact
intangibl;intangible
integración;integration
integrada;integrated
integradamente;integrally
integrado;integrated
integrador;integrator
integral;integral
integrante;member
integrar;to integrate
integrated;integrated
integridad;integrity
intel;intel
intelectual;intellectual
intelectualmente;intellectually
inteligencia;intelligence
inteligente;intelligent
inteligentes;smart
intelligence;intelligence
intempestivo;untimely
intencionado;deliberate
intencional;intentional
intenciones;intentions
intención;intention
intendencia;quartermaster
intendenta;mayor
intensa;intense
intensamente;intensely
intensidad;intensity
intensificar;intensify
intensita;intense
intensivo;intensive
intenso;intense
intentar;attempt
intentase;tried
intento;try
intentándolo;trying
inter;between
interaccionar;interact
interacción;interaction
interactivo;interactive
interactuar;to interact
interactuer;interacter
interactãºen;interact in
interactúa;interacts
interactúar;to interact
interactúas;you interact
interactúir;interact
interamericana;interamerican
interamericano;interamerican
intercambiable;interchangeable
intercambiar;to exchange
intercambien;exchange
intercambio;exchange
interceptar;intercept
intercomunicación;intercommunication
intercomunicado;intercom
interconección;interconnection
interconectado;interconnected
interconectar;interconnect
interconexión;interconnection
intercontinental;intercontinental
intercultural;intercultural
interculturalidad;interculturality
interdependencia;interdependence
interdependient;interdependent
interdigital;interdigital
interdisciplinariedad;interdisciplinarity
interdisciplinario;interdisciplinary
interesado;interested
interesante;interesting
interesar;interest
interesar yo;interest me
interesarnos;interest us
interesarte;interest you
interesen;interest in
interesir;interest
interfaz;interface
interferencia;interference
interferir;to interfere
intergeneracional;intergenerational
intergubernamental;intergovernmental
interino;interim
interior;inside
interioricemo;lets internalize
interiorismo;interior design
interiorista;interior designer
interiorizado;internalized
interiorizar;internalize
interlagos;interlaken
interlocutor;interlocutor
intermedia;intermediate
intermediación;brokerage
intermediario;intermediary
intermedio;intermediate
interminable;endless
intermitencia;intermittence
intermitente;intermittent
intermodal;intermodal
interna;internal
internacional;international
internacionales;international
internacionalización;internationalization
internacionalizar;internationalize
internacionalmente;internationally
internalizar;internalize
internamente;internally
internamiento;internment
international;international
internet;internet
internews;internews
interno;internal
interoceánico;interoceanic
interoperabilidad;interoperability
interparlamentaria;interparliamentary
interparroquial;interparochial
interpelado;questioned
interpelar;interpellate
interpolado;interpolated
interpolar;interpolate
interponer;interpose
interposición;interposition
interpreta;interprets
interpretable;interpretable
interpretación;interpretation
interpretado;interpreted
interpretar;interpret
interpreto;i interpret
interrelación;interrelationship
interrogante;question mark
interrogar;question
interrumpido;disrupted
interrumpir;interrupt
interrupción;interruption
interruptor;switch
interseccional;intersectional
intersección;intersection
interurbano;interurban
intervenciones;interventions
intervencionista;interventionist
intervención;intervention
intervengar;intervene
intervenible;interveneable
intervenir;to intervene
interventor;controller
intervinient;intervener
interã;interest
interés;interest
intestinal;intestinal
intestino;intestine
intimidación;intimidation
intimidad;privacy
intocable;untouchable
intolerancia;intolerance
intolerante;intolerant
intoxicación;poisoning
intrafamiliar;intrafamilial
intramuscular;intramuscular
intranquilizar;unsettle
intratable;intractable
intravenoso;intravenous
intrepidez;fearlessness
intricado;intricate
intriga;intrigue
intrincado;intricate
introducción;introduction
introducido;inserted
introduciendo;introducing
introducimos;we introduce
introducir;introduce
introdujerar;introduce
intrusismo;intrusiveness
intrusivo;intrusive
intrusión;intrusion
intrépido;bold
intríngulis;intricacies
intrínsecamente;intrinsically
intrínseco;intrinsic
intuición;intuition
intuir;to sense
intuitivo;intuitive
intérprete;interpreter
inunda;floods
inundaciones;floods
inundación;flood
inundado;flooded
inundar;flood
inusitado;unusual
inusual;unusual
invadar;invade
invadido;invaded
invadir;encroach
invalid;invalid
invalidez;disability
invaluabl;priceless
invaluable;priceless
invariablemente;invariably
invasivo;invasive
invasión;invasion
invasor;invasive
invasora;invasive
invención;invention
inventado;made up
inventar;to invent
inventario;inventory
invento;invention
inventor;inventor
inventoro;inventor
inverco;inverco
invernadero;greenhouse
invernal;wintry
inversa;reverse
inversiones;investments
inversionista;investor
inversionistasalfredo;investorsalfredo
inversión;investment
inverso;reverse
inversor;investor
inversora;investor
inversores;investors
invertebrado;invertebrate
invertido;invested
invertimos;we invest
invertir;invest
investidura;investment
investigaciones;research
investigación;research
investigado;investigated
investigador;investigator
investigadora;researcher
investigadores;researchers
investigar;research
investment;investment
investments;investments
investors;investors
inviabilidad;infeasibility
inviabl;unfeasible
inviable;non-viable
invierno;winter
inviertar;invest
invierte;invest
invierto;i invest
invisibilizada;invisible
invisibilizado;invisible
invisible;invisible
invisibles;invisible
invitación;invitation
invitado;guest
invitamos;we invite
invitar;invite
invitaremos;we will invite
invitarir;invite
invitir;invite
invocar;invoke
involucra;involves
involucración;involvement
involucrado;involved
involucran;involve
involucrar;involve
involucrar yo;involve me
involucre;involve
involucrir;involve
involucró;involved
inyección;injection
inyectar;inject
inzko;inzko
inácio;inácio
inédito;unpublished
inés;agnes
io;io
ion;ion
ioniq;ioniq
ios;ios
iot;iot
iota;iota
iou;iou
ipad;ipad
ipbes;ipbes
ipc;cpi
ipcc;ipcc
iphonar;iphonar
iphone;iphone
iphonir;iphonir
ipmark;ipmark
ipsos;ipsos
ir;to go
ir yo;go me
ira;gonna
iraní;iranian
iraquí;iraqi
irazola;irazola
irekia;irekia
iremos;well go
irena;irena
irene;irene
iri;iri
iribaren;iribaren
irigaray;irigaray
irir;go
iris;iris
irisbond;irisbond
irlanda;ireland
irlandés;irish
irobot;irobot
ironía;irony
irpf;irpf
irracional;irrational
irracionalidad;irrationality
irradiar;radiate
irreconciliabl;irreconcilable
irrefutable;irrefutable
irregular;irregular
irregularidad;irregularity
irrelevante;irrelevant
irrenunciable;inalienable
irreparable;irreparable
irrepetible;unrepeatable
irresponsabilidad;irresponsibility
irresponsable;irresponsible
irreversible;irreversible
irrisorio;derisory
irritabilidad;irritability
irritación;irritation
irritar;irritate
irritila;irritable
irrumpir;burst
irrupción;irruption
irte;go away
irtir;go away
irureta;irureta
iryo;go
irán;iran
irás;you will go
irónicamente;ironically
irónico;ironic
is;es
isa;isa
isaac;isaac
isabel;isabel
isabelle;isabelle
iscc;iscc
isee;isee
iseño;design
ishiguro;ishiguro
isiegas;isiegas
isla;island
islam;islam
islamismo;islamism
island;islands
islandia;iceland
islandés;icelandic
islas;islands
isleño;islander
islámico;islamic
ismael;ismael
iso;iso
isopixel;isopixel
isr;isr
israel;israel
israelí;israeli
issue;issue
istockphoto;istockphoto
it;item
ita;ita
itaca;ithaca
italia;italy
italiane;italian
italiano;italian
italo;italo
itamae;itamae
itamar;itamar
itf;itf
itinerancia;roaming
itinerant;itinerant
itinerante;itinerant
itinerario;itinerary
itp;itp
its;its
itt;itt
itu;and you
ituango;ituango
itv;itv
itziar;itziar
iu;wow
iv;iv
iva;vat
ivace;ivace
ivam;ivam
ivan;ivan
ivana;ivana
ive;ive
iveco;iveco
ivm;ivm
ivvy;ivvy
iván;ivan
iwan;ivan
ix;ix
izabella;izabella
izan;hoist
izar;hoist
izeddin;izeddin
iznalloz;iznalloz
iznallozno;iznallozno
izq;left
izquierda;left
izquierdista;leftist
izquierdo;left
iñaki;inaki
iñaqui;inaqui
iñigo;inigo
iñárritu;iñárritu
ja;ha
jaana;jaana
jabalí;wild pig
jaca;pony
jacetán;jacetan
jack;jack
jacks;jacks
jackson;jackson
jacobin;jacobin
jacobo;jacob
jacobs;jacobs
jacquard;jacquard
jacqueline;jacqueline
jacques;jacques
jactar;brag
jag;jag
jaguar;jaguar
jaime;james
jaimito;jaimito
jair;jair
jaisalmer;jaisalmer
jake;jake
jalapeño;jalapeno
jalear;cheer
jaled;jaled
jali;jali
jalifa;khalifa
jalis;jalis
jalisco;jalisco
jamaica;jamaica
jamaicano;jamaican
james;james
jamete;jamete
jamie;jamie
jamonera;ham holder
jamás;never
jamón;ham
jan;jan
jane;jane
janet;janet
janis;janis
janja;janja
jannik;jannik
janoub;janoub
jansana;jansana
january;january
janusz;janusz
japo;japan
japonés;japanese
japón;japan
jaque;check
jara;rockrose
jarama;jarama
jardinera;planter
jardinero;gardener
jardinería;gardening
jardines;gardens
jardinosofía;gardenosophy
jardín;yard
jared;jared
jarra;jug
jason;jason
jasp;jasp
jassem;jassem
jaula;cage
jaume;james
javeriana;javeriana
javi;javi
javier;javier
javiera;javiera
jaxa;jaxa
jay;jay
jaya;haya
jazmín;jasmine
jazztel;jazztel
jaén;jaen
jbl;jbl
jbs;jbs
jccm;jccm
jcs;jcs
jcw;jcw
jcyl;jcyl
jds;jds
jean;jean
jeanette;jeanette
jeanne;jeanne
jeannette;jeanette
jeans;jeans
jeb;jeb
jec;jec
jeddah;jeddah
jeep;jeep
jeevan;jeevan
jefa;boss
jefadegobierno;head of government
jefas ;bosses
jefatura;leadership
jefe;boss
jeff;jeff
jeffrey;jeffrey
jegging;jegging
jeggings;jeggings
jelinek;jelinek
jem;jem
jengibre;ginger
jennifer;jennifer
jenrick;jenrick
jens;jens
jenson;jenson
jeque;sheikh
jerarca;hierarch
jerarquización;hierarchy
jerarquía;hierarchy
jeremy;jeremy
jerez;sherry
jerga;jargon
jerome;jerome
jersón;kherson
jerusalén;jerusalem
jerárquico;hierarchical
jerónimo;jerome
jerónimos;jeronimos
jessica;jessica
jesucristo;jesus christ
jesús;jesus
jet;jet
jetpack;jet pack
jets;jets
jewish;jewish
jhorland;jhorland
jiennens;jiennens
jim;jim
jimena;jimena
jimeno;jimeno
jimulco;jimulco
jiménez;jimenez
jingping;jingping
jinping;jinping
jitazo;jitazo
jjoo;hahaha
jlo;jlo
jm;jm
jo;jo
joachim;joachim
joan;joan
joanpauinarejos;joanpauinarejos
joaquín;joaquin
jobs;jobs
jochan;jochan
jocher;jocher
joder;fuck
jodhi;jodhi
jodido;fucking
joe;joe
jogger;jogger
johan;johan
johaness;johaness
johanna;johanna
johannes;johannes
johannesburgo;johannesburg
johansson;johansson
john;john
johnny;johnny
johnson;johnson
jon;jon
jonas;jonas
jonathan;jonathan
jones;jones
joplin;joplin
jordana;jordanian
jordania;jordan
jordano;jordanian
jordao;jordao
jordi;jordi
jordá;jorda
jordán;jordan
jorge;george
jornada;working day
jornadas;journeys
jornalero;laborer
jorquera;jorquera
jose;joseph
josean;josean
josefina;josephine
joselito;joselito
josep;joseph
joseph;joseph
josh;josh
joshua;joshua
josué;josue
josã;josã
josé;joseph
journal;journal
journey;journey
jove;young
joven;young man
jovencita;young lady
joventut;youngtut
jover;young
jovial;jovial
jovialidad;joviality
joxe;joxe
joya;jewel
joyar;jewel
joão;joão
jp;jp
jpeg;jpeg
jquery;jquery
jrc;jrc
js;js
ju;ju
juan;john
juana;juana
juanjo;juanjo
juanlu;juanlu
juanma;juanma
juanmi;juanmi
juanyta;juanita
jubany;jubany
jubierre;jubierre
jubilación;retirement
jubilado;retired
jubilar;retire
jubilatorio;retirement
jublitarorio;jublitarorio
judhami;judhami
judicial;judicial
judicializar;prosecute
judicialmente;judicially
judith;judith
judión;jewish
judía;bean
judío;jewish
juego;play
juegos;games
jueves;thursday
juez;judge
jueza;judge
jugada;move
jugador;player
jugadora;player
jugamo;lets play
jugamos;we play
jugando;playing
jugando tú;playing you
jugar;play
jugo;juice
jugosidad;juiciness
jugoso;juicy
juguete;toy
juguetona;playful
juicio;judgment
jujeño;jujeño
julen;julen
julia;julia
julian;julian
julio;july
julià;julia
juliá;julia
julián;julian
jungla;jungle
junio;june
junior;junior
junqueras;rushes
junta;meeting
juntamente;together
juntar;put together
juntarno;get together
juntas;together
junto;together
juntos;together
jupiter;jupiter
jurado;jury
jurados;jurors
jurel;mackerel
jurisdicción;jurisdiction
jurisprudencia;jurisprudence
jurista;jurist
jurídico;legal
just;just
justa;fair
justamente;justly
juste;just
justice;justice
justicia;justice
justificación;justification
justificada;justified
justificado;justified
justificar;justify
justificativo;justifying
justifiquir;justify
justin;justin
justo;just
juvenil;youth
juventud;youth
juzgado;court
juzgados;courts
juzgamiento;judgment
juzgar;judge
juzgarte;judge you
jwp;jwp
jxc;jxc
jyot;jyot
jz;jz
jávea;jávea
jóvenes;youths
júlia;julia
kaag;kaag
kabuki;kabuki
kabutokaji;kabutokaji
kahhat;kahhat
kahhatpolitólogo;kahhatpolitologist
kahlo;kahlo
kahn;kahn
kai;kai
kaiser;kaiser
kaku;kaku
kala;calla
kalgoorlie;kalgoorlie
kaloga;kaloga
kaltenbrunner;kaltenbrunner
kamal;kamal
kamran;kamran
kangoo;kangoo
kanpur;kanpur
kansas;kansas
kantar;chant
kaori;kaori
kara;kara
kareem;kareem
karelin;karelin
karim;karim
karina;karina
karité;shea
karla;karla
karma;karma
karmele;karmele
karra;karra
kasapoglu;kasapoglu
kassoy;kassoy
kast;kast
katagi;katagi
katara;katara
kay;kay
kazan;kazan
kazuo;kazuo
kazuya;kazuya
kazuyo;kazuyo
kbps;kbps
kcal;kcal
kde;kde
keep;keep
keeping;keeping
kees;kees
keldur;keldur
kellogg;kellogg
kelly;kelly
kelvin;kelvin
ken;ken
kenan;kenan
kenia;kenya
kenna;kenna
kennedy;kennedy
kent;kent
kenya;kenya
kepler;kepler
keroseno;kerosene
kerry;kerry
kevin;kevin
key;key
keynes;keynes
keynesianismo;keynesianism
keynote;keynote
keytel;keytel
keyword;keyword
kg;kg
kgb;kgb
khalifa;khalifa
khan;khan
khater;khater
khimki;khimki
khodayar;khodayar
khor;khor
khs;khs
kia;kia
kibel;kibel
kibuc;kibuc
kidman;kidman
kiel;kiel
kiev;kyiv
kiko;kiko
kilda;kilda
kilian;kilian
kilo;kilo
kilogramo;kilogram
kilometraje;mileage
kilotonelada;kiloton
kilovatio;kilowatt
kilowatio;kilowatt
kilómetro;kilometer
kimmo;kimmo
kindelán;kindelan
king;king
kingdom;kingdom
kingkdom;kingdom
kiosco;kiosk
kioto;kyoto
kira;kira
kirby;kirby
kircher;kircher
kirchner;kirchner
kirchnerismo;kirchnerism
kirchnerista;kirchnerista
kirk;kirk
kirsty;kirsti
kishida;kishida
kissinger;kissinger
kit;kit
kitchen;kitchen
kitchenless;kitchenless
kits;kits
kiwi;kiwi
kiwis;kiwis
kleber;kleber
klebsiella;klebsiella
klein;klein
kleinschmidt;kleinschmidt
klima;climate
klm;km
km;km
ko;ko
kobe;kobe
kofe;coffee
kofman;koffman
kohei;kohei
kolb;kolb
kona;kona
kong;kong
konjac;konjac
kornberg;kornberg
kosher;kosher
kosmos;kosmos
kosovo;kosovo
kotler;kotler
kottasova;kottasova
kpis;kpis
kpmg;kpmg
kremlin;kremlin
kristalina;kristalina
kristian;kristian
krita;krita
kronos;kronos
kroos;kroos
kuala;kuala
kubica;kubica
kuehne;kuehne
kuga;kuga
kuleana;kuleana
kuleba;kuleba
kunis;kunis
kuo;kuo
kuoco;kuoco
kurdistán;kurdistan
kurfürstenstr;kurfürstenstr
kuri;kuri
kurian;kurian
kuroiwa;kuroiwa
kurtinaitis;kurtinaitis
kurtzer;kurtzer
kurzweil;kurzweil
kutxa;kutxa
kutxabank;kutxabank
kuwait;kuwait
kuzmova;kuzmova
kw;kw
kwh;kwh
kyiv;kyiv
kyle;kyle
kyoshi;kyoshi
kéré;kéré
kétity;ketity
kíla;kíla
kínder;kindergarten
kñefir;kñefir
küppers;kuppers
laapertura;the opening
lab;lab
labarta;labarta
laberinto;labyrinth
labia;gab
labor;work
laborable;weekday
laborado;labored
laboral;labor
laborales;labor
laborar;labor
laboratorio;laboratory
labordeta;labordeta
laborioso;laborious
laborista;labor
labort;labort
labrador;labrador
labrar;work
labs;labs
lac;lake
lacalle;the street
laciana;laciana
lactancia;lactation
lactant;lactating
lactasar;lactate
lactosa;lactose
lactós;lactos
ladera;hillside
lado;side
ladra;barks
ladrillerías;brickworks
ladrillo;brick
lady;lady
lafquenche;lafquenche
lagar;winery
lagarde;lagarde
lagares;presses
lagarto;alligator
lagdo;lagdo
lago;lake
lagos;lakes
laguardia;the guard
laguna;lagoon
lahm;lahm
laia;laia
laidler;laidler
laila;laila
laiseca;laiseca
laje;laje
lake;lake
lakers;lakers
lakeside;lakeside
laliga;the league
lalique;lalique
lama;the ma
lamadrid;lamadrid
lamaña;the mana
lamentable;regrettable
lamentablemente;regrettably
lamentar;to regret
laminar;laminate
lana;wool
lance;throw
lancia;lance
land;country
landing;landing
landsbergis;landsbergis
lane;lane
langre;langre
language;language
languidecir;languish
lanka;lankan
lanza;spear
lanzadera;shuttle
lanzado;thrown out
lanzador;pitcher
lanzamiento;launch
lanzamos;we launch
lanzar;throw
lanzarer;launcher
lanzarote;lanzarote
laparoscopia;laparoscopy
lapidario;lapidary
lapobreza;poverty
laponia;lapland
laporta;laporta
lapsang;lapsang
lapso;lapse
laptops;laptops
lar;lar
lara;lara
laranjo;laranjo
laredana;laredana
laredo;laredo
larga;long
largacha;largacha
largo;length
largometraje;feature film
larrañaga;larrañaga
larreta;larreta
larrumba;larumba
larruy;larruy
lars;lars
larva;larva
larvario;larval
laser;laser
lasso;lasso
lastimós;we hurt
lastrada;weighted down
lastrar;ballast
lastre;ballast
lata;can
latam;latam
latar;beat
latas;cans
latencia;latency
latente;latent
lateral;side
latido;beat
latifi;latifi
latin;latin
latina;latin
latinahan;latinahan
latino;latin
latinoamericana;latin american
latinoamericano;latin american
latinoamericanos;latin american
latinoamérica;latin america
laudato;laudato
laura;laura
laureado;laureate
laurel;laurel
laurence;laurence
laurent;laurent
laurentino;laurentino
lauria;lauria
laus;laus
lausanne;lausanne
lava;wash
lavable;washable
lavabo;sink
lavacrete;lavacrete
lavadero;laundry
lavado;washed
lavadora;washing machine
lavagna;lavagna
lavandería;laundry
lavapiés;footbath
lavaplato;dishwasher
lavar;wash
lavarla;wash it
lavavajilla;dishwasher
lavavajillas;dishwasher
laviada;laviada
lavrov;lavrov
lavándono;washing ourselves
laxas;lax
laxo;lax
laya;spade
lazareto;lazaretto
lazcano;lazcano
lazo;ribbon
lazyloadinstance;lazyloadinstance
lcd;lcds
lcv;lcv
lds;lds
lea;read
lead;lead
leader;leader
leaders;leaders
leaders ;leaders
leadership;leadership
league;league
leal;loyal
lealtad;loyalty
lear;read
learning;learning
leary;leary
leave;leave
leboreiro;leboreiro
lebron;lebron
lebua;lebua
lección;lesson
leche;milk
lechera;milkmaid
lecho;litter
lechuza;owl
lechuzas;owls
leclerc;leclerc
lecocqefe;lecocqefe
lecq;lecq
lector;reader
lectora;reader
lectura;reading
led;led
leds;leds
ledvance;ledvance
lee;read
leed;read
leer;read
leerte;read you
legacy;legacy
legado;legacy
legal;legal
legalidad;legality
legalización;legalization
legalizar;legalize
legalmente;legally
legendario;legendary
legends;legends
legibilidad;readability
legionario;legionary
legislación;legislation
legislador;legislator
legisladora;legislator
legisladores;legislators
legislar;legislate
legislativo;legislative
legislatura;legislature
legitimación;legitimation
legitimar;legitimize
legitimidad;legitimacy
legitimizar;legitimize
lego;lego
legua;league
legumbr;legume
legumbre;legume
legítima;legitimate
legítimamente;rightfully
legítimo;legitimate
leidy;leidy
leila;leila
leioa;read
leipzig;leipzig
leire;i will read
leit;leit
leitmotiv;leitmotiv
leiva;levy
lejano;far
lejos;far
lelio;lelio
lema;motto
lemmens;lemmens
lemona;lemona
lemu;lemu
lena;firewood
lengua;language
lenguado;sole
lenguaje;language
lenguajes;idioms
leninista;leninist
lennar;lennar
lennie;lennie
lenovo;lenovo
lent;slow
lentamente;slowly
lente;lens
lenteja;lentil
lentitud;slowness
lento;slow
leo;i read
leobardo;leobardo
leona;lioness
leonardo;leonardo
leonesar;leonesar
leonhar;leonhar
leonhard;leon hard
leonor;eleanor
leonés;leonese
lerena;lerena
lerma;lerma
leroy;leroy
lesbiano;lesbian
lesión;injury
lessors;lessors
lester;lester
let;let
letal;lethal
leticia;leticia
letitia;letitia
letizia;letizia
letonia;latvia
letra;lyrics
letrero;sign
letrina;latrine
letícia;leticia
letón;latvian
leuphana;leuphana
leva;cam
levadura;yeast
levantar;get up
levantarno;get up
levante;i raised
levantino;levantine
leve;mild
level;level
levemente;slightly
levine;levine
levitación;levitation
levitir;levitate
levy;levy
lewis;lewis
lexus;lexis
ley;law
leyen;read
leyenda;legend
leyendas;legends
leyes;laws
leyva;leyva
lez;lez
lezo;lezo
leí;i read
leña;firewood
león;lion
leónides;leonides
leópolis;lviv
lg;lg
lgcc;lgcc
lgtb;lgtb
lgtbi;lgtbi
li;li
liana;liana
liar;roll
lib;lib
libby;libby
libera;releases
liberación;release
liberado;released
liberador;liberating
liberal;liberal
liberalismo;liberalism
liberalización;liberalization
liberan;release
liberar;release
liberir;release
libertad;freedom
libertador;liberator
libr;book
libra;pound
librar yo;free me
library;library
libras;pounds
libre;free
libreer;freer
libremente;freely
librero;bookcase
librería;bookshop
libreta;notebook
libro;book
libros;books
licampa;licampa
licencia;license
licenciada;graduate
licenciado;graduate
licenciar;license
licenciatura;bachelors degree
liceu;high school
lichtenberg;lichtenberg
licitación;bidding
lico;lyco
licopeno;lycopene
licor;liqueur
licua;liquefies
licuado;smoothie
licuefacción;liquefaction
lidar;lidar
lider;leader
liderado;led
lideran;lead
liderança;leadership
liderar;lead
liderat;leadership
liderazgo;leadership
lidere;lead
lideresa;leader
lidiar;cope
lidioma;lydoma
lidl;lidl
liechtenstein;liechtenstein
lienzo;canvas
life;life
lifecycle;lifecycle
lifestyle;lifestyle
lig;link
liga;league
ligado;bound
ligar;flirt
ligas;suspenders
ligaste;you linked
ligeramente;slightly
ligereza;lightness
ligero;light
light;light
lighting;lighting
like;like
likes;likes
liliana;liliana
lilly;lilly
lima;lime
limbo;limbo
limeño;lima
limia;limia
limitaciones;limitations
limitación;limitation
limitado;limited
limitant;limiting
limitante;limiting
limitar;limit
limite;limit
limoncello;limoncello
limosna;alms
limpia;clean
limpiador;cleaner
limpiar;clean up
limpieza;cleaning
limpio;cleansed
limusina;limousine
limítrofe;bordering
limón;lemon
lina;lina
linaje;lineage
lince;lynx
lincosamida;lincosamide
linda;pretty
lindero;boundary
lindner;lindner
lindsay;lindsay
line;lines
linea;line
lineal;linear
lineamiento;lineament
linietsky;linietsky
link;links
linkedin;linkedin
links;links
lino;linen
linterna;lantern
linux;linux
linz;linz
lions;lions
lioso;messy
lipno;lipno
liquidación;settlement
liquidar;liquidate
liquidez;liquidity
lira;lira
lisa;smooth
lisboa;lisbon
liso;smooth
list;list
lista;ready
listado;list
listo;clever
listón;ribbon
litchfield;litchfield
literal;literal
literalmente;literally
literario;literary
literatura;literature
lithium;lithium
litigación;litigation
litigio;litigation
litio;lithium
litoral;coast
litro;liter
lituania;lithuania
lituano;lithuanian
liu;liu
live;live
liverpool;liverpool
lives;lives
liviana;light
liviano;lightweight
livián;light
liz;liz
lizondo;lizondo
ll;ll
llabería;llaberia
lladó;called
llaga;sore
llam;called
llama;call
llamada;call
llamado;called
llamamiento;call
llaman;call
llamar;to call
llamarer;call
llamarã;call to
llamativo;striking
llampuga;dolphinfish
llano;flat
llanos;flat
llanta;tire
llanura;plain
llasat;llasat
llaut;llaut
llave;wrench
llc;llc
llega;arrives
llegada;arrival
llegado;arrived
llegar;get
llegarer;arrive
llegarte;reach you
llego;arrived
llegu;i arrived
lleguer;arrive
llegues;you arrive
lleguien;come
llegárar;arrive
lleialtat;lleialtat
lleida;arrival
llena;full
llenado;fill
llenar;fill
llenir;fill
lleno;full
llenándolo;filling it up
lleonart;lleonart
llerena;llerena
lleva;carries
llevada;carried
llevadas;carried
llevado;carried
llevar;wear
llevar yo;take me
llevarir;carry
llevarl;take him
llevarno;take us
llevarte;take you
llevarás;you will carry
llevarã;carry
llevate;take away
llever;carry
llevser;carry
llevársela;take her away
llibres;free
lliure;lliure
lliuya;lliuya
llobregat;llobregat
llompart;llompart
llor;cry
llorar;mourn
llorente;crying
lloret;weep
llosa;llosa
llover;to rain
llovían;it was raining
lluc;luc
lluch;luch
lluis;lluis
llul;lol
lluvia;rain
lluís;lluis
lly;lly
llyc;llyc
llàtzer;llatzer
llácer;llácer
llévate;take away
lmao;lmao
ln;ln
lnglés;english
loabl;commendable
loar;praise
loas;loas
lobato;cub
lobbi;lobby
lobbista;lobbyist
lobby;lobby
lobios;wolves
lobista;lobbyist
lobo;wolf
local;local
locales;local
localidad;location
localización;location
localizado;located
localizar;to locate
localization;location
localmente;locally
locke;locke
lockheed;lockheed
loco;crazy
locomotora;locomotive
locomotriz;locomotive
locura;craziness
locus;loci
lodg;lodge
lodge;lodge
lodo;mud
lodolo;lodolo
loghthouse;light house
logic;logic
logo;logo
logotipo;logo
logrado;accomplished
lograr;achieve
lograrer;achieve
logre;i achieved
logrer;achieve
logro;achievement
logroño;logroño
logística;logistics
logístico;logistic
loire;loire
lois;lois
loizaga;loizaga
lokke;lokke
lokki;loki
lola;lola
lombarda;lombarda
lombriz;worm
lomloe;lomloe
lomo;loin
lona;canvas
loncheado;sliced
londinenses;londoners
london;london
londres;london
lone;lonely
lonely;lonely
long;long
longaeir;longair
longevidad;longevity
longhi;longhi
longitud;length
longoria;longoria
longué;longue
lonja;slice
look;looks
looks;looks
loop;loop
lorca;lorca
lord;lord
loredo;loredo
lorena;lorraine
lorente;lorente
lorenzana;lorenzana
lorenzini;lorenzini
lorenzo;lawrence
loreto;loreto
loretta;loretta
lorianne;lorianne
lorna;lorna
lorra;lorra
losa;slab
losada;tiled
losing;losing
loss;loss
losu;losu
lot;lots
lote;batch
lotería;lottery
lotito;lotito
louis;louis
louise;louise
lounge;lounge
lourdes;lourdes
louro;louro
lousteau;lousteau
lovells;lovells
low;low
lowi;lowi
loxamhune;loxamhune
loyalty;loyalty
lozada;lozada
lozalizar;to locate
lozano;lush
lse;lse
lsg;lsg
lu;moon
lubetkin;lubetkin
luca;luca
lucas;luke
lucasfilm;lucasfilm
lucense;lugo
lucha;struggle
luchador;fighter
luchana;fighter
luchar;struggle
lucho;fought
lucia;lucy
luciana;luciana
luciano;luciano
lucidez;lucidity
luciente;shining
lucila;lucilla
lucir;show off
lucrar;profit
lucrativa;lucrative
lucrativo;lucrative
lucrecio;lucretius
lucro;profit
lucy;lucy
lucía;lucy
ludwig;ludwig
ludwigshafen;ludwigshafen
luffy;luffy
lugar;place
lugarbbc;placebbc
lugareño;local
lugo;lugo
luigi;luigi
luis;lewis
luisa;louise
luiz;luiz
lujo;luxury
lujoso;luxurious
luján;lujan
luken;luken
lula;lula
lum;light
luminaria;luminary
luminiscencia;luminescence
luminosa;luminous
luminosidad;brightness
luminoso;bright
lumpur;lumpur
lumínico;luminous
luna;moon
lunanet;lunanet
lunar;mole
lune;monday
lunes;monday
lupa;magnifying glass
lupita;lupita
lupus;lupus
luque;luque
lusail;lusail
luso;luso
lustro;lustrum
luton;luton
lutz;lutz
luxembourg;luxembourg
luxemburgo;luxembourg
luxury;luxurious
luz;light
luzón;luzon
luàna;luana
luís;lewis
lyocell;lyocell
lyès;lyes
láctea;dairy
láctear;dairy
lácteas;dairy
lácteo;dairy
lágrima;tear
lámina;leaf
lámpara;lamp
láser;to be
lázaro;lazarus
lékué;lékué
léopold;leopold
lérida;lerida
líber;bast
líder;leader
líderes;leaders
límite;limit
línea;line
líneas;lines
lío;mess
líquido;liquid
líral;lyrical
lírica;lyric
lòréal;the real
lógica;logic
lógicamente;logically
lógico;logical
lógo;logo
lópez;lopez
løci;loci
lúdica;playful
lúdico;playful
lüneburg;lüneburg
maayra;maayra
mab;mab
mabrian;mabrian
mac;mac
macadamia;macadamia
macael;macael
macarena;macarena
macaron;macaron
macarons;macarons
macarrón;macaroon
macarthur;macarthur
macaya;macaya
maceiras;maceiras
machacar;to crush
machaconamente;pounding
machado;machado
machine;machine
machismo;sexism
machista;sexist
macho;male
machángara;machángara
macià;macia
macri;macri
macrismo;macrismo
macro;macro
macroalga;macroalgae
macrocentro;macrocenter
macroeconomía;macroeconomy
macroeconómico;macroeconomic
macroencuesta;macro survey
macrofinanciero;macrofinancial
macrofiscal;macrofiscal
macrogranja;macrofarm
macron;macron
macronutrient;macronutrient
macroparqu;macropark
macroproyecto;macroproject
macrotendencia;macrotrend
macrumors;macrumors
macs;mac
mad;mad
madagascar;madagascar
madariaga;madariaga
made;made
madeja;skein
madeleine;madeleine
madera;wood
maderera;lumber
maderero;lumberjack
madero;log
madir;madir
madorrán;madorran
madre;mother
madres;mothers
madrid;madrid
madridejos;madridejos
madrileña;madrid
madrileño;from madrid
madrueño;madrueño
madruga;early morning
madrugada;early morning
madura;mature
maduración;maturation
madurado;matured
madurez;maturity
madurga;early
maduro;ripe
maella;maella
maersk;maersk
maestra;teacher
maestre;master
maestro;teacher
maestría;masters degree
mafia;mafia
mafiosos;mobsters
magallanes;magellan
magana;magana
magariños;magariños
magazine;magazine
magdalena;cupcake
maggie;maggie
maggiora;maggiora
magia;magic
magic;magic
magistrado;magistrate
magna;magna
magnate;magnate
magnesio;magnesium
magnetismo;magnetism
magnifico;magnificent
magnitud;magnitude
magno;great
magnussen;magnussen
magnético;magnetic
magnífico;magnificent
magnús;magnus
magreb;maghreb
magret;magret
magro;lean
magí;magi
magíster;master
mah;mah
mahatma;mahatma
mahou;mahou
mahsa;mahsa
mahón;mahon
maia;maya
maider;maiden
maik;maik
mail;email
maio;may
maire;mother
mairead;mairead
maisa;maisa
maisons;houses
maite;maite
majas;pestles
majestuoso;majestic
majors;majors
make;make
makers;makers
mal;wrong
mala;bad
malabarismo;juggling
malagueña;malagueña
malaria;malaria
malario;malaria
malasaña;malasana
malasia;malaysia
malasmadres;bad mothers
malavolta;malvolta
malbaratar;bargain away
malbec;malbec
maldición;damn
maldito;damned
maldivas;maldives
maldonado;maldonado
maleable;malleable
malecón;pier
malentendido;misunderstood
malentiendir;misunderstand
malestar;discomfort
maleta;bag
maletero;trunk
maletín;briefcase
maleza;undergrowth
malformación;malformation
malgasta;waste
malgastado;wasted
malgastar;waste
malhechor;malefactor
maliense;malian
malignos;evil
malla;mesh
malley;malley
mallorca;majorca
mallorquina;majorcan
mallorquinas;majorcan
mallorquín;majorcan
malnutrición;malnutrition
malo;bad
malpasse;malpasse
malta;malt
malthus;malthus
maltrato;mistreatment
malvado;evil
malversación;embezzlement
malversada;embezzled
malí;mali
mama;mother
mamadou;mamadou
mambo;mambo
mamelles;nipples
mamen;suck
mampara;bulkhead
mampostería;masonry
mamá;breast
mamífero;mammal
man;man
manaala;tomorrow
manacor;manacor
manada;herd
manageengine;manageengine
management;management
manager;manager
managers;managers
managing;management
manal;manual
manama;manama
manantial;spring
manar;well
manaslu;manaslu
mancera;mancera
mancha;stain
manchar;stain
manchegar;smear
manchego;manchego
manchester;manchester
manda;command
mandala;mandala
mandant;principal
mandar;send
mandarin;mandarin
mandarina;mandarin
mandataria;representative
mandatario;leader
mandato;mandate
mandeville;mandeville
mandle;handle
mando;i send
manejada;handled
manejamos;we drive
manejar;handle
manejer;drive
manejo;driving
manel;manel
manera;way
manero;way
manes;manes
manfred;manfred
manga;sleeve
manganeso;manganese
manglar;mangrove swamp
mango;mango
mangrove;mangrove
manguera;hose
manhattan;manhattan
manicura;manicure
manifestación;manifestation
manifestantes;protesters
manifestar;manifest
manifiesto;manifest
manillar;handlebar
maniobra;maneuver
maniobrabilidad;maneuverability
maniobrar;maneuver
manipulación;handling
manipulado;manipulated
manipular;handle
maniquí;manikin
maniquín;mannequin
manirroto;extravagant
manison;manison
maniático;maniac
manjar;delicacy
manjón;manjón
manny;manny
mano;hand
manocha;manocha
manola;manola
manolo;manolo
manos;hands
manoseado;hackneyed
manquehu;manquehu
mansilla;mansilla
manso;meek
manston;manston
manstonbbc;manstonbbc
manstonwikimedia;manstonwikimedia
manteca;butter
mantecón;shortbread
mantelina;tablecloth
mantener;hold
mantener yo;keep me
mantenerme;keep me
mantenerno;keep not
mantenerte;keep you
mantengamo;lets keep
mantengan;keep
mantengar;keep
mantenido;kept
mantenimiento;maintenance
mantequilla;butter
mantién;keep
manto;mantle
mantra;mantra
mantuviéramos;we kept
mantín;mantín
manu;manu
manual;handbook
manualidad;craft
manualmente;manually
manuel;manuel
manuela;manuela
manufactura;manufacture
manufacturado;manufactured
manufacturar;manufacture
manufacturera;manufacturing
manufacturero;manufacturer
manufacturing;manufacturing
manzana;apple
manzanero;apple tree
manzanilla;chamomile
manzanita;little apple
manzanito;manzanito
manzano;apple tree
maná;manna
mané;mane
maní;peanut
manía;mania
maoly;maoly
map;map
mapa;map
mapaches;raccoons
mapas;maps
mapear;map out
mapei;mapei
mapfre;mapfre
mapfrir;mapfrir
maps;maps
mapuche;mapuche
maqueda;makeup
maqueta;model
maquetador;layout artist
maquila;maquila
maquillaje;make-up
maquinación;machination
maquinaria;machinery
mar;sea
mara;mara
maracuyá;passion fruit
maragota;maragota
maralba;maralba
maratoniano;marathoner
maratón;marathon
maravilla;wonderful
maravillar;wonder
maravillar yo;marvel me
maravillarno;marvel
maravilloso;wonderful
marbella;marbella
marc;mark
marca;brand
marcación;marking
marcadamente;markedly
marcado;marked
marcador;marker
marcapágina;bookmark
marcar;tick
marcas;brands
marcel;marcel
marcellesi;marcellesi
marcelo;marcelo
march;march
marcha;march
marchand;marching
marchaporelrechazo;marchfortherejection
marchar;to march
marche;march
marchena;marchena
marchi;marchi
marchir;leave
marchán;march
marcial;martial
marciano;martian
marco;framework
marcomms;marcomms
marcos;frames
mare;mare
marea;tide
marear;dizzy
mareas;tides
mareo;dizziness
mares;seas
mareógrafo;tide gauge
marfil;ivory
marga;loam
margalef;margalef
margaret;margaret
margarita;daisy flower
margeet;margaret
margen;margin
marginación;marginalization
marginadas;marginalized
marginado;outcast
marginal;marginal
marginalizada;marginalized
marginar;marginalize
marhis;marhis
mari;mari
maria;maria
mariam;mariam
marian;marian
mariana;mariana
mariano;marian
maribel;maribel
marichu;marichu
maridaje;pairing
maridar;pair
marido;husband
marie;marie
mariette;mariette
marihuana;dope
marihuán;marijuana
marijuan;marijuana
marina;marine
marinada;marinade
marinado;marinated
marinas;marine
marine;marine
marinera;sailor
marino;marine
marinovic;marinovic
mario;mario
marion;marion
mariposa;butterfly
marisa;marisa
marisco;shellfish
marisol;marisol
maritime;maritime
marián;marian
mariña;marine
mark;mark
market;market
marketero;marketer
marketing;marketing
marketplace;marketplace
marko;marko
markt;markt
marlaska;marlaska
marlena;marlena
marmitako;marmitako
marmoleado;marbling
marmorata;marmorata
maron;brown
maroto;maroto
marquen;mark
marquesina;marquee
marquesín;marquee
marquistas;branders
marqués;marquis
marrajo;mako
marrakech;marrakech
marrero;marrero
marroquí;moroccan
marroquín;moroccan
marruecos;morocco
marrón;brown
mars;mars
marsaxlokk;marsaxlokk
marsella;marseilles
marshall;marshall
marsino;marsino
marta;martha
marte;mars
martel;martel
martes;tuesday
martillazo;hammer blow
martillear;pound
martillo;hammer
martin;martin
martina;martina
martins;martins
martirio;martyrdom
marton;marton
martos;martes
martí;marti
martín;martin
martínez;martinez
martís;martis
maruf;maruf
marvel;marvel
marxismo;marxism
marxista;marxist
mary;mary
marzo;march
marí;mari
maría;maria
marín;marin
marítim;maritime
marítima;maritime
marítimo;maritime
masa;dough
masai;masai
masaje;massage
masajeador;massager
mascarilla;face mask
mascota;pet
masculina;masculine
masculinidad;masculinity
masculino;male
masdar;masdar
masegosa;masegosa
maserati;maserati
masi;masi
masia;farmhouse
masificación;massification
masificado;overcrowded
masificar;massify
masivamente;massively
masivo;massive
mask;mask
mass;mass
massa;massa
massachusetts;massachusetts
massey;massey
massimo;massive
mast;mast
master;master
mastercard;mastercard
masterclasses;masterclasses
masters;masters
mastodon;mastodon
masía;farmhouse
mata;bush
matabosch;matabosch
matadero;slaughterhouse
mataleñas;matalenas
matanza;slaughter
matar;to kill
matarif;butcher
matarlo;kill him
matarranz;matarranz
matarraña;spider web
matarrubia;killblonde
matas;you kill
match;matches
matchear;match
matemática;mathematics
matemáticas;math
matemático;mathematical
mateo;matthew
mateos;matthews
materia;matter
material;material
materiales;materials
materialice;materialize
materialidad;materiality
materialismo;materialism
materializa;materializes
materialización;materialization
materializado;materialized
materializar;materialize
materialmente;materially
maternal;maternal
maternidad;maternity
materno;maternal
maternofilial;mother-child
maternoinfantil;maternal and child
mateu;matteo
math;math
mathia;mathia
mathias;mathias
mathieu;mathieu
mathilde;mathilde
matilda;matilda
matiz;hue
matizable;tintable
matizado;nuanced
matizar;qualify
matizarla;qualify it
mato;kill
matomo;matomo
matos;bushes
matriculación;registration
matriculado;registered
matricular;enroll
matrimonio;marriage
matrix;matrix
matriz;matrix
matrona;matron
matsuhisa;matsuhisa
matt;matt
matteo;matteo
mattia;mattia
maturana;maturana
matus;matus
matutes;matutes
matéis;you kill
matías;matías
maude;maude
mauleón;mauleon
mauricio;mauricio
maurizio;maurizio
max;max
maxi;maxi
maximizar;maximize
maximizarás;you will maximize
may;may
maya;maya
mayer;mayer
mayo;may
mayonesa;mayonnaise
mayor;elderly
mayorcitar;grow up
mayordomo;butler
mayorista;wholesaler
mayoritariamente;mostly
mayoritario;controlling
mayormente;mainly
mayoría;most
mayra;mayra
mayúscula;capital letter
mayúsculo;capital
maza;mace
mazorca;cob
mazucatto;mazzucato
mazure;mazure
mazzina;mazzina
maíz;corn
mañana;morning
mañueco;manuco
mb;mb
mba;mba
mca;mca
mccann;mccann
mccullough;mccullough
mcgill;mcgill
mcguinnes;mcguinness
mckinsey;mckinsey
mclaren;mclaren
mcleod;mcleod
mcmaster;mcmaster
mcqueen;mcqueen
mea;pisses
meadowbank;meadowbank
meal;meal
meals;meals
mean;mean
meat;meat
meca;mecca
mecanimo;mechanism
mecanismo;mechanism
mecanizada;mechanized
mecanizados;mechanized
mecca;mecca
mecena;patron
mecenazgo;patronage
mecánica;mechanics
mecánicamente;mechanically
mecánico;mechanic
medaglia;medallion
medalla;medal
medallero;medal table
medallista;medalist
medas;you give me
medellín;medellin
media;half
mediado;mediated
mediador;mediator
mediados;mid
mediamanga;half sleeve
mediamarkt;mediamarkt
mediana;median
medianamente;moderately
medianera;median
mediano;medium
medianoche;midnight
mediar;mediate
medias;stockings
medible;measurable
medicamento;medicine
medicina;medicine
medicinal;medicinal
medicine;medicine
mediciones;measurements
medición;measurement
medida;measure
medidas;measures
medido;measured
medidor;measurer
medieval;medieval
medimos;we measure
medina;medina
medio;medium
medioambiental;environmental
medioambientalismo;environmentalism
medioambientalmente;environmentally
medioambiente;environment
mediocre;mediocre
mediocridad;mediocrity
mediodía;midday
medios;media
medir;to size
medirlo;measure it
meditación;meditation
meditado;meditated
meditar;to meditate
meditativa;meditative
mediterranean;mediterranean
mediterránea;mediterranean
mediterráneas;mediterranean
mediterráneir;mediterranean
mediterráneo;mediterranean
medium;medium
mediático;media
medran;thrive
medrano;medrano
meeting;meeting
mega;mega
megaciudad;megacity
megacohete;mega rocket
megalítico;megalithic
megamolino;megamill
megan;megan
megane;megane
meganewtons;meganewtons
megaproyecto;megaproject
megapíxel;megapixel
megasequía;megadrought
megatonelada;megaton
megatón;megaton
megavatio;megawatt
megawheels;megawheels
megia;megia
mei;mei
mejillones;mussels
mejillón;mussel
mejor;better
mejora;gets better
mejorable;improvable
mejorada;improved
mejorado;improved
mejoramiento;improvement
mejorar;to improve
mejorarir;improve
mejore;improve
mejoren;improve
mejorir;improve
mejía;mejia
melani;melani
melaza;molasses
melbourne;melbourne
melella;melella
melide;melide
melilla;melilla
melissa;melissa
meliá;meliá
melián;melián
meliápro;meliápro
meliárewards;meliárewards
mella;nick
mellerware;mellerware
mellizos;twins
mellon;melon
melnick;melnick
melodrama;melodrama
meloni;meloni
melva;melva
melón;cantaloupe
membrana;membrane
membresía;membership
membrilla;quince
memez;meme
memorable;memorable
memorando;memorandum
memoria;memory
memorio;memory
memoriza;memorize
memorándum;memorandum
men;men
mena;ore
menaje;household
menchú;menchu
mencionado;mentioned
mencionar;to mention
mencionábar;mention bar
mencioné;did i mention
mención;mention
mendiluce;beggar
mendivil;beggar
mendocino;mendoza
mendoza;mendoza
mendoça;mendoca
mendy;mendy
meneame;shake me
menera;way
meneses;meneses
menguar;wane
meniños;children
menni;menni
menor;minor
menorca;minorca
menores;minors
menorquín;menorcan
mensaje;message
mensajeer;courier
mensajeros;messengers
mensajería;messenger service
mensajito;little message
menso;menso
mensual;monthly
mensualmente;monthly
ment;mind
menta;mint
mental;mental
mentalidad;mindset
mentalizarlo;psych it up
mentalmente;mentally
mente;mind
mentes;minds
mentir;to lie
mentira;lie
mentoer;mentor
mentor;mentor
mentora;mentor
mentro;menter
menéndez;menendez
menú;menu
menús;menus
meo;i pee
meramente;merely
mercadi;market
mercado;market
mercadona;mercadona
mercados;markets
mercamadrid;mercamadrid
mercancía;commodity
mercancío;merchandise
mercantil;trade
mercantilización;commodification
mercantilizar;commodify
mercat;mercat
merced;mercy
mercedes;mercedes
mercedser;mercedeser
mercer;mercy
merchandising;merchandising
merche;merchandise
merck;merch
merco;merco
mercosur;mercosur
mercurio;mercury
mercè;mercy
merecedor;worthy
merecemo;we deserve
merecen;deserve
merecer;deserve
merecido;deserved
merecimiento;merit
merenauto;merenauto
merezcar;deserve
meridianamente;clearly
meridional;southern
merino;merino
meritorio;meritorious
meritxell;meritxell
merkel;merkel
merlin;marline
merluza;hake
mermar;deplete
mermelada;jam
mero;mere
merodeo;marauding
merodio;merodium
meroño;grouper
mes;month
mesa;table
meseta;plateau
mess;mess
messi;messi
mestanza;mestanza
mester;master
mestizaje;of mixed race
mestre;teacher
meta;goal
metaanálisis;meta-analysis
metabolismo;metabolism
metabolizar;metabolize
metal;metal
metalizada;metallic
metalizado;metallic
metalmax;metalmax
metamorfosis;metamorphosis
metanero;methane tanker
metano;methane
metanol;methanol
metar;put
metaverso;metaverse
mete;put
meteocom;meteocom
meteorología;meteorology
meteorológica;weather
meteorológico;meteorological
meteoróloga;meteorologist
meteorólogo;meteorologist
meteos;weather
meter;to put
meter yo;put me
metereológico;meteorological
meterla;put it in
meterte;get into
meteórico;meteoric
methane;methane
meti;i got
metido;tucked in
metilcelulós;methylcellulos
meto;me to
metodología;methodology
metodologíar;methodological
metodológico;methodological
metric;metric
metro;meter
metropolitana;metropolitan
metropolitano;metropolitan
metros;meters
metrópoli;metropolis
mette;mette
metáfora;metaphor
metálica;metallic
metálico;metal
meunière;meunière
mevlüt;mevlut
mexican;mexican
mexicana;mexican
mexicano;mexican
mexicanos;mexicans
mexico;mexico
mezcla;mixture
mezclado;mixed
mezclan;mix
mezclar;mix
mezclir;mix
mezquino;mean
mezquita;mosque
mezzo;mezzo
mezzosoprano;mezzo-soprano
mf;mf
mg;mg
mgf;mgf
mhev;mhev
miami;miami
micaela;micaela
micappital;mycapital
micelio;mycelium
michael;michael
michai;michai
michel;michael
michelin;michelin
michelle;michelle
michelín;michelin
michiu;michiu
mici;my ci
mick;mick
mico;monkey
micotime;micotime
micoturismo;mycotourism
micro;micro
microbank;microbank
microbiana;microbial
microbiano;microbial
microbiology;microbiology
microbiología;microbiology
microcanal;microchannel
microcentro;microcenter
microcerveceer;microbrewer
microchip;microchip
microclima;microclimate
microcrédito;microcredit
microempresa;microenterprise
microesfera;microsphere
microestructura;microstructure
microfibra;microfiber
microfilamento;microfilament
microfinanciación;microfinance
microfinanza;microfinance
microfinanzas;microfinance
microhuerto;microgarden
microled;micro led
micron;micron
micronutrient;micronutrient
microonda;microwave
microorganismo;microorganism
microplástico;microplastic
micropym;micropym
microscópica;microscopic
microscópico;microscopic
microsoft;microsoft
microthread;microthread
microvibración;microvibration
micrófono;microphone
mictófido;myctophids
mid;middle
middle;middle
mideplán;mideplan
midi;midis
midlands;midlands
midswap;midswap
miedo;fear
miel;honey
miembro;member
miembros;members
miente;lies
miera;look
mierda;shit
mierdo;shit
mieres;wednesday
mies;harvest
mifid;mifid
miga;crumb
migorance;migorance
migracional;migrational
migraciones;migrations
migración;migration
migrant;migrant
migrar;migrate
migratoria;migratory
migratorio;migratory
migraña;migraine
migrir;migrate
miguel;michael
mijo;darling
mike;mike
mikhaël;mikhaël
mikula;mikula
mil;one thousand
mila;mila
milagro;miracle
milagros;miracles
milagrosa;miraculous
milagrosamente;miraculously
milagroso;miraculous
milaje;mileage
milanés;milanese
milei;miley
milena;milena
milenario;millennial
milenio;millennium
miligramo;milligram
mililitro;milliliter
milisegundo;millisecond
militancia;militancy
militante;militant
militar;military
milla;mile
millar;thousand
millena;millennium
millennial;millennial
millennials;millennials
miller;miller
millo;mille
millonario;millionaire
millor;million
millors;millers
millán;millan
millás;miles
millón;million
milton;milton
milucho;milucho
milutinovic;milutinovic
milán;milan
milésima;thousandth
milímetro;millimeter
mimado;spoiled
mimar;pamper
mimbr;wicker
mimbre;wicker
mimetizar;mimic
mimientar;lie
mimo;mime
min;min
mina;mine
minae;minae
minar;undermine
minas;mines
mindfulness;mindfulness
mindfuture;mindfuture
mine;mine
minera;mining
mineral;mineral
minerales;minerals
mineralización;mineralization
mineras;mining
minero;miner
mineros;miners
minería;mining
mini;mini
minimadrid;minimadrid
minimal;minimum
minimalism;minimalism
minimicir;minimize
minimización;minimization
minimizar;minimize
minisite;minisite
minister;minister
ministerial;ministerial
ministerio;ministry
ministra;minister
ministras;ministers
ministro;minister
ministros;ministers
minitortillita;mini pancake
minnie;minnie
minor;minor
minorado;diminished
minorista;retail
minoritario;minority
minorizado;minoritized
minors;minors
minoría;minority
minuciosamente;thoroughly
minucioso;thorough
minute;minutes
minuto;minute
minutos;minutes
miquel;miquel
mir;look
mira;look
mirada;look
miradas;looks
mirado;looked
mirador;lookout
mirafiori;mirafiori
miraflores;miraflores
miramar;miramar
mirambell;mirambell
miranda;miranda
mirar;look at
mirarno;look at us
miras;look
mireia;mireia
miren;look
miriam;miriam
mirian;mirian
mirotic;mirotic
mirra;myrrh
mirror;mirror
miríada;myriad
miríado;myriad
miró;i look
mirón;voyeur
misa;mass
miserable;miserable
miseria;misery
misil;missile
misiva;missive
misión;mission
mismísima;very
mismísimo;very same
miso;miso
misokinesia;mysokinesia
miss;miss
misses;misses
missing;missing
mister;mister
misterio;mystery
misterioso;mysterious
mistral;mistral
misógino;misogynist
mit;mit
mitad;half
miteco;miteco
miterd;miterd
mitigación;mitigation
mitigar;to mitigate
mitin;rally
mitma;mitma
mito;myth
mitología;mythology
mitsubishi;mitsubishi
mittal;middle
mix;mixed
mixta;mixed
mixto;mixed
mizora;mizora
miércoles;wednesday
miñana;my grandmother
miño;my no
miñones;minnows
ml;ml
mm;mm
mmm;hmm
mnn;mnn
mo;mo
mobile;mobile
mobiledetect;mobile detect
mobileye;mobileye
mobiliario;furniture
mobility;mobility
moblaje;furniture
mocejón;young man
mochila;backpack
mochilera;backpacking
moción;motion
moco;bugger
mod;mode
moda;fashion
modalidad;modality
modalidades;modalities
modalwindowsearch;modalwindowsearch
modas;fashions
mode;mode
model;models
modelado;modeling
modelaje;modeling
modelar;to model
modelito;outfit
modelizar;model
modelo;model
modelos;models
modera;moderates
moderación;moderation
moderado;moderate
moderador;moderator
moderadora;moderator
moderados;moderate
moderan;moderate
moderar;moderate
modernidad;modernity
modernista;modernist
modernización;modernization
modernizada;modernized
modernizado;modernized
modernizar;modernize
moderno;modern
modesta;modest
modesto;modest
modiano;modiano
modificación;modification
modificada;modified
modificado;modified
modificados;modified
modificar;modify
modifico;i modify
modisto;dressmaker
modo;mode
modos;modes
modular;modular
modularidad;modularity
mofar;mock
mofas;mockery
moguer;moguer
mohamed;mohammed
mohammad;mohammad
mohammadi;mohammadi
moho;mold
moisés;moses
mojado;wet
mojar;wet
molacer;molacer
molar;cool
molaría;would be cool
molcajete;molcajete
mold;mold
moldavia;moldova
molde;mold
moldea ;molds
moldeado;molded
moldear;mold
molecular;molecular
molestar;bother
molestia;annoyance
molesto;upset
molido;ground
molina;mill
molinillo;grinder
molino;windmill
molins;molins
molitor;engine
moll;moll
molusco;mollusk
molwyn;molwyn
molécula;molecule
molí;grind
mom;mom
momento;moment
momótaro;momotaro
mon;mon
mona;monkey
monarca;monarch
monarcas;monarchs
monarquía;monarchy
monasterio;monastery
moncagatta;moncagatta
moncho;moncho
moncloa;moncloa
mondadura;paring
monday;monday
mondeo;mondeo
mondragones;mondragones
moneda;currency
monegasco;monegasque
monegrina;monegrin
monegros;monegros
moneo;moneo
monetaria;monetary
monetarias;monetary
monetario;monetary
monetizacer;monetize
monetización;monetization
monetizado;monetized
monetizar;monetize
monfort;monfort
monica;monica
monitor;display
monitorea;monitors
monitoreado;monitored
monitorear;monitor
monitoreir;monitor
monitoreo;monitoring
monitorización;monitoring
monitorizado;monitored
monitorizar;monitor
monix;monix
monje;monk
mono;bow
monocanal;single channel
monocultivo;monoculture
monodosis;single dose
monográfico;monographic
monologuista;monologist
monolítico;monolithic
monomaterial;monomaterial
monoplaza;single seater
monopolio;monopoly
monotonía;monotony
monrabal;monrabal
monreal;monreal
monroy;monroy
monroyo;monroyo
monsalve;monsalve
monstruo;monster
mont;mount
monta;mount
montada;mounted
montado;mounted
montaje;mounting
montalvo;montalvo
montante;upright
montar;mount
montaña;mountain
montañoso;mountainous
montañés;highlander
monte;mountain
montero;huntsman
montesinos;montesinos
montessori;montessori
montevideo;montevideo
montia;rode
montilla;montilla
monto;amount
montoro;montoro
montoto;amount
montoya;montoya
montpellier;montpellier
montreal;montreal
montserrat;montserrat
monty;monty
montón;lot
monumental;monumental
monumento;monument
monumentos;monuments
monza;monza
monzón;monsoon
monção;monção
monòver;monover
moonikin;moonikin
moore;moore
mop;mop
mopa;mop
mora;blackberry
morado;purple
moragues;moragues
moral;moral
moraleja;moral
moralejo;moralejo
morales;moral
moralidad;morality
moralmente;morally
morando;dwelling
morandé;morande
morant;morant
morata;purple
morato;purple
moratoria;moratorium
moratorium;moratorium
moratín;bruise
morbilidad;morbidity
morbo;morbid
morcillo;black pudding
morder;to bite
mordida;bite
mordido;bitten
mordisco;nibble
more;more
moreiro;moreiro
morelle;morelle
morena;brunette
moreno;brown
morgan;morgan
mori;i died
morillo;andiron
morir;to die
morir yo;die me
moro;moor
morro;nose
mortal;mortal
mortales;deadly
mortalidad;mortality
mortero;mortar
morán;moran
morón;hummock
mosameat;mosa meat
mosca;fly
moscú;moscow
mosquito;mosquito
mostar;show
mostaza;mustard
mostrado;shown
mostrador;counter
mostrar;to show
mostrarno;show us
mostremos;lets show
mostró;he showed
motion;motion
motiv;motive
motivación;motivation
motivado;motivated
motivar;to motivate
motivaro;motivate
motive;motivate
motivir;motivate
motivo;reason
motley;motley
moto;motorcycle
motocicleta;motorcycle
motociclismo;motorcycling
motogp;moto gp
motor;engine
motoreco;motoreco
motores;engines
motorizacer;motorize
motorización;motorization
motorizado;motorized
motorola;motorola
motorsport;motorsport
mototalk;mototalk
motril;motor
mottley;mottley
mou;mou
mouffe;mouffe
mountain;mountains
mouse;mouse
moussavi;moussavi
mousse;mousse
move;move
mover;move
mover yo;move me
moverlo;move it
moverte;move
moves;moves
movido;moved
movie;movies
movilicir;mobilize
movilidad;mobility
movilización;mobilization
movilizador;mobilizer
movilizant;mobilizing
movilizar;mobilize
movilize;mobilize
movilsa;mobile
movimiento;movement
movistar;movistar
moy;moy
moya;moya
moz;moz
mozambique;mozambique
mozo;waiter
mozos;waiters
mozzarella;mozzarella
mp;pm
mppt;mppt
mpresa;business
mqa;mqa
mr;mr
mrir;mrir
mro;mro
mrr;mrr
msc;msc
mtb;mtb
mubadala;mubadala
mubarak;mubarak
mubil;mobile
muchacho;young guy
muchisimas ;many
muchísima;very much
muchísimas;very many
muchísimo;very much
muchísimos;a lot of
mud;mud
mudar;move
mudd;muddy
mudde;move
muebl;furniture
mueble;piece of furniture
mueir;die
muela;tooth
muele;grinds
muelle;dock
muer;die
muera;die
muerdar;bite
muere;go dead
muerte;death
muerto;dead
muertos;dead
muestra;sample
muffin;muffins
mufg;muffin
mugaritz;mugaritz
muiños;muinos
mujer;woman
mujeres;women
mujeressantiago;womensantiago
mujica;mujica
mukhtar;mukhtar
mukura;mukura
mullenweg;mullenweg
multa;penalty fee
multar yo;fine me
multarl;fine him
multas;fines
multi;multi
multiactivo;multi-asset
multicanal;multichannel
multicolor;multicolored
multiculturalismo;multiculturalism
multidimensional;multidimensional
multidireccional;multidirectional
multidisciplinar;multidisciplinary
multidisciplinaria;multidisciplinary
multidisciplinarias;multidisciplinary
multidisciplinario;multi-disciplinary
multiescalo;multiscale
multifacético;multi-faceted
multifuncional;multifunctional
multifunción;multifunction
multilateral;multilateral
multilateralismo;multilateralism
multilenguaje;multilanguage
multilámina;multilayer
multimarca;multi-brand
multimarco;multiframe
multimedia;multimedia
multimedio;multimedia
multimillonaria;billionaire
multimillonario;multimillionaire
multinacional;multinational
multipapel;multipaper
multiplataforma;multi platform
multiplicación;multiplication
multiplicador;multiplier
multiplicar;multiply
multipremiado;multi-awarded
multirresistent;multiresistant
multirresistente;multiresistant
multisectorial;multisectoral
multisensorial;multisensory
multisim;multisim
multistakeholder;multistakeholder
multisuperficie;multi-surface
multitarea;multitask
multitemático;multi-thematic
multitud;crew
multitudinario;massive
multiuso;multipurpose
multivitamínico;multivitamin
muna;muna
munchausen;munchausen
muncipio;municipality
munco;world
mundanal;mundane
mundi;world
mundial;world
mundiales;world
mundialista;world cup
mundialización;globalization
mundialmente;worldwide
mundillo;little world
mundo;world
mundobasket;mundobasket
munich;munich
municipal;municipal
municipales;municipal
municipalidad;municipality
municipalidades;municipalities
municipalismo;municipalism
municipalista;municipalist
municipalistas;municipalists
municipalizado;municipalized
municipio;municipality
municipios;municipalities
munición;ammunition
munir;munir
munro;munro
mural;mural
muralla;wall
murcia;murcia
murieran;they died
muries;die
murla;murla
muro;wall
muros;walls
murphy;murphy
murta;death
murueta;crutch
muscat;muscat
muschi;muschi
muscular;muscular
musculoesquelética;musculoskeletal
musculoso;muscular
musel;musel
muselina;muslin
museo;museum
museográfico;museographic
museu;museum
museum;museum
music;music
musical;musical
musicalidad;musicality
musk;musk
musker;musker
mussolini;mussolini
mustang;mustang
musulmán;muslim
muta;mutates
mutabl;changeable
mutación;mutation
mutilación;mutilation
mutir;mutate
mutitaa;mutitaa
mutualizar;mutualize
mutuamente;mutually
mutuo;mutual
muévete;move on
muñeca;wrist
muñiz;muniz
muñoz;munoz
muñío;muñío
mw;mw
my;my
myanmar;myanmar
myceliotronic;myceliotronic
myceliotronics;myceliotronics
mycelium;mycelium
mycobacterium;mycobacterium
myers;myers
myinvestor;myinvestor
mykonos;mykonos
myles;myles
mynd;mynd
myprotein;myprotein
mypublicinbox;mypublicinbox
myself;myself
mystery;mystery
mª;mª
mácula;taint
mágicas;magical
mágico;magical
mágicos;magical
málaga;malaga
mánchester;manchester
mántrico;mantric
máquina;machine
márgén;margin
márketing;marketing
mármol;marble
márquez;marquez
mártir;martyr
máscara;mask
máster;master
máxima;maximum
máxime;especially
máximo;maximum
mã;ma
mãºltipl;multiple
mèdia;half
médicas;medical
médico;medical
médicos;doctors
médium;medium
médula;marrow
méndez;mendez
mérida;merida
mérito;merit
més;month
método;method
métrica;metrics
métrico;metric
méxico;mexico
míguez;miguez
mínimamente;minimally
mínimas;minimum
mínimo;minimum
mísero;wretched
míster;mister
mítico;mythical
mó;mo
módems;modems
módico;low
módulo;module
món;mon
mónaco;monaco
móner;moner
mónica;monica
móvil;mobile
móviles;mobile
múltipl;multiple
múltiple;multiple
múnich;munich
músculo;muscle
música;music
músico;musician
mútuamente;mutually
mûd;mud
müller;muller
na;na
nabina;rapeseed
nac;born
nacarado;pearly
nacarino;nacreous
nacer;born
naces;you are born
nacho;nacho
nacido;born
nacimiento;birth
nacion;nation
nacional;national
nacionales;national
nacionalidad;nationality
nacionalismo;nationalism
nacionalismos;nationalisms
nacionalista;nationalist
nacionalización;nationalization
nacionalmente;nationally
naciones;nations
nación;nation
nacs;nacs
nadal;nadal
nadar;to swim
nadia;nadia
naess;naess
nafaa;nafaa
nagel;nagel
nagiap;nagiap
nagore;nagore
nahuelhual;nahuelhual
naiad;naiad
naiades;naiades
nailon;nylon
najwa;najwa
nakai;nakai
namak;namak
namas;namas
nambroca;nambroca
naming;naming
namor;namor
nana;lullaby
nandu;rhea
nano;elder brother
nanotecnología;nanotechnology
nantik;nantik
nanísimo;tiny
nanómetro;nanometer
naomi;naomi
napoletano;napoletano
naranja;orange
naranjo;orange tree
narcotraficante;drug dealer
narcotráfico;drug trafficking
narcótico;narcotic
nardus;nardus
naredo;naredo
narita;little nose
nariz;nose
narración;narration
narrado;narrated
narrador;storyteller
narrar;narrate
narrativa;narrative
narrativo;narrative
narváez;narvaez
nasa;pot
nasei;nasei
naso;naso
nast;nast
nat;nat
nata;cream
natal;native
natalia;natalie
natalidad;birth rate
natanaël;nathanael
nathan;nathan
nation;nation
national;national
nations;nations
nativamente;natively
nativismo;nativism
nativista;nativist
nativo;native
natixis;natixis
natur;nature
natura;nature
natural;natural
naturales;natural
naturaleza;nature
naturalidad;naturalness
naturalista;naturalist
naturalizar;naturalize
naturalmente;naturally
nature;nature
naturgas;naturgas
naturgy;naturegy
natwest;natwest
nau;nau
navacerrada;navacerrada
navahermosa;navahermosa
navaja;razor
naval;naval
navales;naval
navalmoral;navalmoral
navantia;navantia
navarra;navarre
navarrete;navarrete
navarro;navarrese
navas;navas
nave;ship
navegación;navigation
navegador;browser
navegando;browsing
navegant;navigator
navegar;browse
naves;ships
navidad;christmas
navidades;christmas
navideño;christmas
naviera;shipping company
naviero;shipowner
navy;navy
nayarit;nayarit
nazuka;nazuka
naíf;naive
nba;nba
nbc;nbc
nca;never
ndc;ndc
ndcs;ndcs
nearly;nearly
nebrija;nebrija
nec;nec
necesaria;necessary
necesariamente;necessarily
necesariar;need
necesario;necessary
necesidad;need
necesit;i needed
necesita;needs to
necesitado;needy
necesitamos;need
necesitar;need
necesitaremo;we will need
necesitas;you need
necesite;need
necesitár;need
necrosis;necrosis
neele;neele
neerlandés;dutch
nefasto;disastrous
negacionismo;denialism
negación;denial
negar;deny
negativa;negative
negativamente;negatively
negativo;negative
negociacione;negotiation
negociación;negotiation
negociado;negotiated
negociador;deal maker
negociar;deal
negociarer;negotiate
negociarlos;negotiate them
negocio;business
negocios;business
negra;black
negrals;negros
negre;black
negrini;negrini
negrita;bold font
negro;black
negueruela;negueruella
negándolo;denying it
neil;neil
neira;neira
nelson;nelson
nenúfar;water lily
neo;new
neocatecumenal;neocatechumenal
neoclásico;neoclassic
neoliberal;neoliberal
neoliberalismo;neoliberalism
neom;neom
neonatal;neonatal
neonatología;neonatology
neonazi;neo-nazi
neoris;neoris
neoyorkín;new yorker
neoyorquino;new yorker
nepal;nepal
nerd;nerd
nerea;nerea
nero;wildman
neruda;neruda
nervio;nerve
nervioso;highly strung
nespresso;nespresso
nest;nest
nestlé;nestle
net;net
neta;net
netapp;net app
netflix;netflix
netir;netir
neto;net
network;networks
networking;networking
networks;networks
neumonir;pneumonia
neumonía;pneumonia
neumático;tire
neurociencia;neuroscience
neurocientífica;neuroscientist
neurocientífico;neuroscientist
neurocientíficos;neuroscientists
neurocirugía;neurosurgery
neurona;neuron
neuronal;neural
neurálgico;neuralgic
neurólogo;neurologist
neus;neus
neustra;our
neutelings;neutelings
neutral;neutral
neutralicir;neutralize
neutralidad;neutrality
neutralizar;neutralize
neutrar;neutralize
neutro;neutral
nevada;nevada
nevado;snowy
nevados;snowy
nevera;fridge
new;new
news;news
newsletter;newsletter
newsletters;newsletter
newton;newton
newtons;newtons
newtral;newtral
nexo;nexus
next;next
nextgeneration;nextgeneration
neón;neon
nft;nft
nfts;nfts
ngurah;ngurah
ngv;ngv
nh;nh
niamh;niamh
nicaragua;nicaragua
nicho;niche
nicholas;nicholas
nick;nick
nico;unique
nicola;nicola
nicolas;nicholas
nicole;nicole
nicoletta;nicoletta
nicolás;nicholas
nidia;nidia
nidificar;nest
nido;nest
nidos;nests
nie;nie
niebla;fog
nieguir;deny
nieta;granddaughter
nietfeld;nietfeld
nieto;grandchild
nieve;snow
nieves;snows
nigeria;nigeria
nigeriano;nigerian
nigiri;nigiris
nihilista;nihilistic
nike;nike
nikolakopoulos;nikolakopoulos
nikon;nikon
niland;niland
nils;nils
nimio;petty
nimri;nimri
ningunear;ignore
ningãºn;none
nino;little boy
ninri;ninri
nintendo;nintendo
nipona;japanese
nipón;nippon
niro;niro
nissan;nissan
nitidez;sharpness
nitrato;nitrate
nitrogenado;nitrogenous
nitrosamina;nitrosamine
nitroso;nitrous
nitruro;nitride
niu;niu
niusletter;niusletter
nivel;level
niveles;levels
niza;nice
niña;little girl
niñas;girls
niñez;childhood
niño;little boy
niños;kids
nl;nl
nm;nm
no;no
noah;noah
noakes;noakes
nobel;nobel
noble;noble
nobleza;nobility
nocella;nocella
noche;night
noches;nights
nocional;notional
nociva;noxious
nocivo;harmful
noción;notion
nocturno;night
nodo;node
noel;noel
noeleen;noeleen
noelia;noelia
noguchi;noguchi
noir;not to go
noja;noja
nombela;name it
nombrada;named
nombrado;named
nombramiento;appointment
nombrar;to name
nombrasar;name
nombre;name
nomenclatura;nomenclature
nominado;nominated
nominal;nominal
nominalidad;nominality
nominar;nominate
nonagenario;nonagenarian
nora;nora
nord;north
nordeste;northeast
noreste;northeast
noriega;noriega
norma;rule
normal;normal
normalicir;normalize
normalidad;normal
normalización;standardization
normalizar;normalize
normalmente;usually
norman;norman
normativa;normative
normativo;normative
noroeste;northwest
norris;norris
norspermina;norspermine
norte;north
norteamericano;north american
norteamérica;north america
nortes;north
norteño;northern
north;north
northam;northam
northbaires;northbaires
northeastern;northeastern
northgate;northgate
norton;norton
noruega;norway
noruego;norwegian
norwich;norwich
nostalgia;nostalgia
nostra;our
nostrum;nostrum
nostálgico;nostalgic
not;not
nota;note
notable;remarkable
notablemente;notably
notar;notice
notariat;notary
notarío;notary
note;note
notebooks;notebooks
noticia;news
noticias;news
notificación;notification
notificar;notify
notificarme;notify me
notorio;notorious
notre;notre
nottingham;nottingham
noté;i noticed
nou;new
noudiari;noudiari
nous;nous
nov;nov
nova;not going
novatada;hazing
novato;rookie
novedad;novelty
novedoso;new
novel;novel
novela;novel
novelda;novelty
novelista;novelist
november;november
noveno;nineth
noventa;ninety
noviazgo;engagement
noviembre;november
novio;boyfriend
novo;new
novísimo;newest
nowhere;nowhere
nowlin;nowlin
noya;not now
noée;no e.e
nph;nph
nt;nt
nube;cloud
nublado;foggy
nuca;nape
nucleado;nucleate
nuclear;nuclear
nucía;nucía
nudo;knot
nuevamente;again
nuez;nut
nugget;nuggets
nuggets;nuggets
nulidad;nullity
null;null
nulo;null
numero;number
numeroso;numerous
numismática;numismatics
numismático;numismatic
nummi;nummi
numérico;numeric
nunc;never
nunes;never
nuria;nuria
nutr;nourish
nutrar;nourish
nutricional;nutritional
nutricionalmente;nutritionally
nutricionista;nutritionist
nutrición;nutrition
nutrient;nutrients
nutriente;nutrient
nutrientes;nutrients
nutrir;nourish
nutrition;nutrition
nutritiva;nutritious
nutritivo;nutritious
nuño;nuño
nvestigador;investigator
nvia;nvia
nvidia;nvidia
nx;nx
nyck;nyck
nylon;nylon
nyse;nyse
nzeb;nzeb
nº;no.
nàutica;nautical
nájera;najera
nápoles;naples
náutica;nautical
náutico;nautical
nãºcleo;core
néspolo;nespole
néstor;nestor
níger;niger
níquel;nickel
níscalo;chanterelle
nítido;sharp
nómada;nomadic
nómina;payroll
nómín;payroll
nórdico;nordic
núcleo;nucleus
número;number
núria;núria
núñez;nunez
nüwiel;nüwiel
oasis;oasis
oaxaca;oaxaca
oba;oba
obama;obama
obedecer;obey
obediencia;obedience
obediente;obedient
oberle;oberle
oberta;open
obesa;obese
obesidad;obesity
obiols;obiols
obispo;bishop
objeción;objection
objetivamente;objectively
objetividad;objectivity
objetivir;objectify
objetivo;objective
objetivos;objectives
objeto;object
obliga;forces
obligación;obligation
obligadles;make them
obligado;obliged
obligar;obligate
obligation;obligation
obligatoriamente;compulsorily
obligatoriedad;mandatory
obligatorio;required
obligatorios;obligatory
obligándolo;forcing him
obr;work
obra;construction site
obrador;workshop
obras;plays
obrero;worker
obs;obs
obsequiar;give away
obsequio;gift
observa;observe
observación;observation
observado;observed
observador;observer
observar;look
observatorio;observatory
observer;observe
obsesionado;obsessed
obsesionar;obsess
obsesionándote;obsessing you
obsesión;obsession
obsolescencia;obsolescence
obsoleta;obsolete
obsoletar;obsolete
obsoleto;outdated
obstaculizado;hampered
obstaculizar;block
obstante;notwithstanding
obstetricia;obstetrics
obstinadamente;stubbornly
obstrucción;obstruction
obstructiva;obstructive
obstruido;blocked
obstruir;block up
obstáculo;obstacle
obtención;obtaining
obtendremos;we will get
obtendrás;youll get
obtener;get
obtengar;get
obtenido;obtained
obtienar;get
obtién;get
obtuso;obtuse
obtuvir;get
obvia;obvious
obviamente;obviously
obviar;obviate
obvio;obvious
ocampo;ocampo
ocasionado;caused
ocasional;occasional
ocasionalmente;occasionally
ocasionar;cause
ocasión;chance
ocaña;ocaña
occidental;western
occidente;west
occitane;occitane
ocde;oecd
ocean;ocean
oceanogràfic;oceanographic
oceanográfica;oceanographic
oceanía;oceania
oceánica;oceanic
oceánico;oceanic
oceánicos;oceanic
ochenta;eighty
ochoa;ochoa
ocio;leisure
ocon;or with
ocre;ocher
oct;oct
octano;octane
octavo;eighth
october;october
octubre;october
ocular;ocular
ocultar;disguise
oculto;hidden
oculus;oculus
ocupa;occupies
ocupación;occupation
ocupada;busy
ocupado;occupied
ocupante;occupant
ocupar;occupy
ocuparir;occupy
ocupir;occupy
ocurrar;happen
ocurrent;occurrence
ocurrido;happened
ocurrir;occur
océano;ocean
océanos;oceans
od;od
oda;ode
ode;ode
odesa;odessa
odia;hates
odiar;hate
odias;you hate
odiel;hate
odile;hate him
odio;hatred
ods;ods
oea;oea
oenegé;oenege
oenegés;ngo
oer;hear
oeste;west
oet;oet
of;of
ofende;offends
ofender;to offend
ofendido;insulted
ofensa;offense
ofensiva;offensive
oferta;offer
ofertacer;offer
ofertada;offered
ofertado;offered
ofertar;bid
ofertas;offers
off;off
offcanva;offcanva
offcanvasicons;offcanvasicons
offenbach;offenbach
office;office
officer;officer
offline;offline
offset;offset
offsetted;offsetted
offshore;offshore
oficia;officiates
oficial;official
oficiales;officers
oficialismo;ruling party
oficialista;pro-government
oficialmente;officially
oficina;office
oficinas;offices
oficio;job
oficios;trades
ofimática;office automation
ofimático;office clerk
ofrece;offers
ofrecer;to offer
ofrecerl;offer him
ofrecerlser;offerlser
ofrecertar;offer
ofrecerte;offer you
ofrecido;offered
ofreciéndol;offering him
ofreciéndote;offering you
ofrendas;offerings
ofrezca;offer
oftalmología;ophthalmology
og;og
ogro;ogre
oh;oh
ohri;ohri
oiga;listen
oigan;listen
oil;oil
oir;hear
oit;ilo
ojalá;i wish
ojalã;hopefully
ojeada;look
ojear;peek
ojeda;ojeda
ojitir;ojitir
ojo;eye
ojos;eyes
ok;okay
okiana;okiana
ola;wave
olaf;olaf
olavide;olavide
olay;olay
olazabal;olazabal
olcina;olcina
old;old
oldfield;oldfield
oldfieldde;oldfieldde
oleada;wave
oleaje;surf
oled;oled
oleico;oleic
oler;smell
olfato;smell
olga;olga
oli;oli
oligarca;oligarch
oligopolio;oligopoly
olimpiada;olympiad
olimpismo;olympism
olimpo;olympus
olisquear;sniff
oliva;olive
olivar;olive grove
olivares;olive groves
oliver;oliver
olivia;olivia
olivo;olive
olla;cooking pot
ollas;pans
ollo;olo
olman;olman
olmedo;olmedo
olmo;elm
olor;smell
olsen;olsen
olvidada;forgotten
olvidado;forgotten
olvidar;forget
olvidar yo;forget me
olvider;forget
olvido;forgot
olvidser;forget to be
olvidé;forgot
olvídate;forget
olías;you smelled
olímpic;olympic
olímpico;olympic
olímpicos;olympians
omakase;omakase
omar;omar
omarli;omarli
omc;wto
omega;omega
omegar;omega
omisión;omission
omitir;skip
omm;um
ommid;ommid
omnicanal;omnichannel
omnicanalidad;omnichannel
omnichannel;omnichannel
omnipresente;omnipresent
omnisciente;omniscient
omnium;omnium
omotenashi;omotenashi
omr;omr
oms;who
omt;omt
omán;oman
on;on
onceavo;eleventh
oncología;oncology
oncológico;oncological
oncólogo;oncologist
onda;vibe
ondara;ondara
ondulado;curly
one;one
onedrive;onedrive
onenote;onenote
onenumber;onenumber
ong;ngo
ongs;ngos
onil;onil
onlinar;online
online;on-line
onlinir;online
only;only
onlyfans;onlyfans
ontiveros;ontiveros
onu;un
onubense;huelva
onur;oneur
onzas;ounces
opaca;opaque
opacado;overshadowed
opacar;overshadow
opacidad;opacity
opaco;opaque
opcional;optional
opciones;options
opción;option
opel;vauxhall
open;open
opep;opec
opera;opera
operacional;operational
operaciones;operations
operación;operation
operado;operated
operador;operator
operadora;operator
operar;operate
operario;operator
operate;operate
operational;operations
operations;operations
operativa;operational
operativizar;operationalize
operativo;operational
opereta;operetta
ophélia;ophelia
opina;think
opinar;opine
opinión;opinion
oponer;oppose
opongan;oppose
oporto;port
oportuna;timely
oportunamente;opportunely
oportunidad;chance
oportunidades;opportunities
oportunir;opportune
oportuno;prompt
oposición;opposition
oposicón;opposition
opositor;opponent
opositora;opposition
oprimir;press
oprobio;reproach
ops;ops
optar;to opt
optativo;optional
opte;opt
optimicir;optimize
optimismo;optimism
optimista;optimistic
optimización;optimization
optimizado;optimized
optimizar;optimize
optimizer;optimizer
options;options
optir;opt
opuesta;opposite
opuesto;opposite
opus;opus
or;or
oración;prayer
oracle;oracle
oral;oral
orange;orange
orba;orba
orban;orban
orbea;orbea
orbegozo;orbegozo
orbit;orbit
orbital;orbital
orbitar;to orbit
orbitir;orbit
ordeig;ordeig
orden;order
ordenación;ordination
ordenadamente;neatly
ordenado;tidy
ordenador;computer
ordenamiento;ordering
ordenanza;ordinance
ordenar;organize
ordene;order
order;order
orders;orders
ordinario;ordinary
ordiz;ordiz
ordoñez;ordoñez
orea;orea
oregón;oregon
oreja;ear
orellana;orellana
orense;orense
orestes;orestes
orfanato;orphanage
orfandad;orphanhood
orfila;orfila
organic;organic
organice;organize
organicir;organize
organismo;organism
organismos;organisms
organiza;organize
organizacional;organizational
organizaciones;organizations
organización;organization
organizado;organized
organizador;organizer
organizadora;organizer
organizar;organize
organizarã;will arrange
organization;organization
organizción;organization
organizándono;organizing ourselves
orgasmo;orgasm
orgaz;orgas
orgullo;pride
orgulloso;proud
orgánica;organic
orgánicamente;organically
orgánico;organic
orhan;orhan
oria;oria
orientación;orientation
orientado;oriented
oriental;oriental
orientales;oriental
orientar;guide
oriente;east
orientándolo;guiding it
orificio;orifice
origen;source
origin;origin
original;original
originalidad;originality
originally;originally
originalmente;originally
originar;originate
originariamente;originally
originario;original
orilla;bank
orille;shore
orin;pee
orina;urine
oriol;oriole
orion;orion
oriundo;native
orizon;orizon
orión;orion
orleans;orleans
ornamental;ornamental
ornitología;ornithology
ornitólogo;ornithologist
oro;prayed
orografía;orography
oroz;oroz
orozco;orozco
orquesta;orchestra
orr;orr
ortega;ortega
ortiguilla;nettle
ortiz;ortiz
ortizà;ortizà
ortodoxo;orthodox
orwellián;orwellian
orxeta;orxeta
orégano;oregano
orígenes;origins
orús;orus
osado;daring
osar;dare
osborne;osborne
oscar;oscar
oschlies;oschlies
oscilación;oscillation
oscilante;oscillating
oscilar;range
oscilir;oscillate
oscuras;dark
oscuridad;darkness
oscuro;dark
oslé;oslé
oso;bear
ospina;ospina
ostentar;hold
ostra;oyster
ostras;oysters
ostro;other
osuna;bearish
ota;ota
otamendi;otamendi
otan;nato
otencia;power
otero;knoll
other;others
otomano;ottoman
otorgado;awarded
otorgamiento;grant
otorgar;grant
otorgarl;grant him
otorgo;i bestow
otoro;otoro
otoñal;autumnal
otoño;fall
otrora;once
otsukaresama;otsukaresama
otto;otto
otv;otv
otxoa;otxoa
oumar;oumar
our;our
ourcrowd;ourcrowd
ourense;ourense
out;out
outdoor;outdoors
outdooractive;outdooractive
outfit;outfits
outlet;outlet
outlook;outlook
outsiders;outsiders
outstanding;outstanding
ovacionar;acclaim
ovación;ovation
oveja;sheep
over;over
ovetense;oviedo
ovidi;ovidi
oviedo;oviedo
oxentia;oxentia
oxfam;oxfam
oxford;oxfords
oxidado;rusty
oxidant;oxidant
oxidante;oxidizing
oxigen;oxygen
oxword;oxword
oxígeno;oxygen
oxímetro;oximeter
oy;oy
oye;hears
oyente;listener
oyo;or me
oído;ear
oír;hear
oírno;hear us
oîkos;oikos
pa;pa
paack;paack
pabellón;pavilion
pablo;paul
pac;pac
pacheco;pacheco
pachelly;pachelly
paciencia;patience
paciente;patient
pacientes;patients
pack;package
packaging;packaging
packs;packages
paco;paco
pacquiao;pacquiao
pact;pact
pactado;agreed
pactar;agree
pacte;pact
pacto;covenant
pacífico;peaceful
pad;pad
paddy;paddy
padecer;suffer
padecerir;suffer
padecimiento;suffering
padre;dad
padrino;godfather
padrón;census
pae;pae
paenza;paenza
paga;pay
pagado;paid out
pagafanta;pagafanta
pagan;they pay
pagano;pagan
pagar;to pay
pagarlo;pay it
pagarte;pay you
pagaré;i will pay
pagarés;promissory notes
page;page
pago;payment
pagos;payments
pagues;you pay
pagábar;paybar
pagártelo;pay you
paia;daddy
pair;pair
paisaje;scenery
paisajes;scenery
paisajismo;landscaping
paisajista;landscape
paisajístico;landscaped
paja;straw
pajín;straw
pakistaní;pakistani
pakistán;pakistan
pakistánap;pakistanap
palabra;word
palabras;words
palabreja;buzzword
palabro;word
palace;palace
palaciega;palatial
palaciego;palatial
palacio;palace
palacios;palaces
palacín;palacin
paladar;palate
palanca;lever
palancas;levers
palanco;lever
palangr;longline
palangre;longline
palangrero;longliner
palasciano;palascian
palau;palau
palcacocha;palcacocha
palcaraju;palcaraju
palco;box
palermo;palermo
palestina;palestine
palestino;palestinian
paleta;palette
paletizado;palletized
paliar;palliate
paliativa;palliative
paliativo;palliative
palito;little stick
paliza;beating
palladium;palladium
pallars;pallars
palm;palm
palma;palm
palmar;palm grove
palmario;palmarium
palmarés;palmares
palmas;palms
palmasel;palmasel
palmer;palmer
palmera;palm
palmeras;palms
palmillo;fan palm
palmo;span
palo;stick
paloma;dove
palomares;dovecotes
palomita;popcorn
palomitas;popcorn
palomitero;popcorn
palop;palop
palos;sticks
palpable;palpable
pamela;pamela
pamesa;pamesa
pamies;pamies
pamiés;pamies
pamplona;pamplona
pamuk;pamuk
pan;bread
panad;panad
panadeer;baker
panadero;baker
panaderos;bakers
panadería;bakery
panameña;panamanian
panameño;panamanian
panamá;panama
panasonic;panasonic
pancarta;banner
panceta;bacon
pancho;hot dog
pancreático;pancreatic
panda;panda
pandemia;pandemic
pandemiar;pandemic
pandey;pandey
pandilla;gang
pandora;pandora
pandémico;pandemic
panecillo;roll
panel;panel
panelado;paneling
paneles;panels
panelista;panelist
panem;panem
panes;breads
paneuropea;paneuropean
paneuropeo;paneuropean
panfleto;pamphlet
panista;baker
panorama;panorama
pantalla;screen
pantallazo;screenshot
pantalán;jetty
pantalón;pants
panteón;pantheon
panther;panther
paola;paola
paolo;paolo
papa;dad
papagayo;parrot
papal;papal
paparazzi;paparazzi
papel;paper
papeleo;paperwork
papelería;stationery
papeleta;ballot
paper;paper
papá;father
papúa;papua
paquete;package
paquetería;parcel
paquistaní;pakistani
par;pair
para;for
paraboloidir;paraboloid
paracaída;parachute
parada;stop
parade;for the
paradela;paradela
paradero;whereabouts
paradigma;paradigm
paradigmático;paradigmatic
paradisíaco;heavenly
parado;stopped
paradoja;paradox
paradojal;paradoxical
paradójicamente;paradoxically
paraestatal;parastatal
parafrasear;paraphrase
paragolp;bumper
paragolpes;bumper
paragua;umbrella
paraguay;paraguay
paraguayo;paraguayan
paraje;place
paralelismo;parallelism
paralelo;parallel
paraliza;paralyzes
paralización;paralyzation
paralizado;paralyzed
paralizante;crippling
paralizar;paralyze
paralímpico;paralympic
paramilitar;paramilitary
paramo;paramo
paramos;we stopped
parar;stop
pararte;stop
parasitado;parasitized
parasitario;parasitic
paraíso;paradise
parc;park
parceiros;partners
parcela;parcel
parcelario;plot
parcent;parcent
parche;patch
parcial;partial
parcialmente;partially
parcir;part
parda;brown
pardo;brown
pare;stop
parecemos;we look like
parecer;look
parecido;similar
parecidoa;similar
parecidísimo;very similar
parecierar;seem
pareciero;it seems
parecéis;you seem
pared;wall
paredes;walls
pareja;partner
parejo;equal
parental;parental
parezca;seem
parga;snapper
paria;pariah
paridad;parity
parir;give birth
parir tú;give birth to you
paris;paris
parisina;parisian
paritario;parity
park;park
parking;parking
parkings;parking
parkour;parkour
parlamentaria;parliamentarian
parlamentario;parliamentary
parlamento;parliament
parlamentos;parliaments
parlanchina;talkative
parlanchín;chatterbox
parlante;talking
parmesano;parmesan
paro;unemployment
parodia;parody
parodiar;parody
parodontax;parodontax
parody;parody
paroxismo;paroxysm
parque;park
parqueadero;parking lot
parques;parks
parquet;parquet
parqué;park
parra;vine
parrilla;grill
parrondo;partying
parroquia;parish
parroquial;parochial
partar;leave
parte;part
partes;parts
particip;participate
participa;participates
participación;stake
participado;participated
participan;participate
participant;participant
participante;competitor
participantes;participants
participar;take part
participarã;will participate
participativa;participatory
participativo;participatory
participé;participant
particular;particular
particularidad;particularity
particularmente;particularly
partida;departure
partidario;supporter
partidista;partisan
partido;match
partimos;we leave
partir;leave
partitura;music sheet
partner;partner
partners;partners
partnership;partnership
partnerships;partnerships
parto;birth
party;party
partícipe;participant
partícula;particle
parálisis;paralysis
parámetro;parameter
parásito;parasite
paréntesis;parenthesis
parís;paris
parón;break
pas;pass
pasa;happens
pasada;pass
pasadizo;passage
pasado;past
pasaje;passage
pasajerir;pass
pasajero;passenger
pasamos;we passed
pasantes;interns
pasaporte;passport
pasar;spend
pasarela;runway
pasarer;passer
pasarno;pass us
pasarían;they would pass
pasatiempo;hobby
pascal;pascal
pascua;easter
pascual;paschal
pase;happens
pasear;take a walk
paseir;walk
paseo;walk
pasillo;hallway
pasito;small step
pasividad;passivity
pasivo;passive
pasión;passion
pasmada;stunned
paso;step
pasos;steps
passivhaus;passivhaus
past;past
pasta;pasta
pastar;pasture
pastel;pie
pasteleer;pasteler
pastelera;pastry chef
pastelero;baker
pasteleros;pastry chefs
pastelería;cake shop
pasteur;pasteur
pastilla;tablet
pastizal;pastureland
pasto;grass
pastor;shepherd
pastorear;shepherd
pastoreo;grazing
pastoret;pastoret
pastrami;pastrami
pastview;pastview
pastós;pastures
pasábamos;we passed
pasábar;pasabar
pata;paw
patada;kick
patagonia;patagonia
patata;potato
patato;potato
patear;kick
patentado;proprietary
patentar;patent
patente;patent
patentes;patents
patera;small boat
paterno;paternal
pathnamir;pathnamir
pati;patty
patinar;rollerblading
patinet;skateboard
patinete;scooter
patinetes;scooters
patino;i skate
patio;yard
patisseria;patisserie
pato;duck
patología;pathology
patologías;pathologies
patológico;pathological
patria;homeland
patricia;patricia
patricio;patrick
patrick;patrick
patrimonial;patrimonial
patrimonio;heritage
patrio;homeland
patriota;patriot
patrocinado;sponsored
patrocinador;sponsor
patrocinadores;sponsors
patrocinante;sponsor
patrocinar;sponsor
patrocinio;sponsorship
patrocinios;sponsorships
patrocionio;sponsorship
patronal;patronal
patronato;patronage
patrono;patron
patrullar;patrol
patrón;pattern
patxi;patxi
paty;patty
patés;pates
patógeno;pathogen
pau;pau
paul;paul
paula;paula
paular;paular
paulatina;gradual
paulatinamente;gradually
paulatín;gradually
paulina;paulina
paulo;paul
paupérrima;very poor
pausa;pause
pausado;slow
pauta;pattern
pautar;guide
pavel;pavel
pavic;pavic
pavimentación;paving
pavimentado;paved
pavimento;pavement
pavlova;pavlova
pavé;pave
pavía;pavia
pavón;peacock bass
pay;pay
payne;payne
payoyo;payoyo
payá;paya
paz;peace
pazos;pazos
paía;paía
país;country
países;countries
pañal;honeycomb
pañalera;diaper bag
pañales;diapers
pañue;handkerchief
pbc;pbc
pbi;gdp
pbu;pbu
pc;pc
pcb;pcb
pcc;pcc
pcch;cpc
pccomponentes;pccomponents
pcs;pcs
pdf;pdf
pdg;pdg
pdi;poi
pe;but
peaceful;peaceful
peaje;toll
peatonal;pedestrian
peatón;pedestrian
peax;peak
pecado;sin
pecar;sin
pecat;sin
pecho;chest
pechuga;poultry breast
peculiar;peculiar
peculiaridad;peculiarity
pecunio;pecuniary
pecunpay;pecunpay
pedagogía;pedagogy
pedagógico;pedagogical
pedal;pedal
pedalada;pedaling
pedalado;pedaling
pedalear;pedal
pedante;pedantic
pedanteer;pedantic
pedazo;piece
pedestal;pedestal
pediater;pediatrician
pediatra;pediatrician
pedicura;pedicure
pedido;order
pedigrí;pedigree
pedir;ask
pedirno;ask us
pediátrico;pediatric
pedo;fart
pedra;stone
pedrafita;pedrafita
pedreguer;pedreguer
pedro;pedro
pedrosa;pedrosa
pegadiza;catchy
pegado;glued
pegajoso;clingy
pegajós;sticky
pegar;paste
pegatina;sticker
pegmatita;pegmatite
pego;hit
peguir;hit
peinar;comb
peine;hair comb
peineta;comb
peio;peio
pekin;beijing
pekín;beijing
pel;skin
pela;peel
pelada;peeled
pelado;bare
pelar;peel
pelarla;peel it
pelayo;pelayo
pelea;fight
peleado;fought
pelear;quarrel
pelegrín;pelegrín
peli;movie
peligra;danger
peligrar;jeopardize
peligre;danger
peligro;danger
peligrosamente;dangerously
peligroso;dangerous
pella;lump
pellegrino;pellegrino
pellet;pellet
pellets;pellets
pelluhue;hairy
pelly;pelly
pelo;hair
pelota;ball
pelotazo;ball
pelotero;baseball player
pelucitar;pelucitate
peluqueer;hairdresser
peluquería;hairdressing
pelusa;fluff
peláez;pelaez
pelágica;pelagic
pelándola;peeling it off
película;movie
pem;pem
pemex;pemex
pena;grief
penal;penal
penaliza;penalizes
penalización;penalty
penalizar;penalize
pencil;pencil
pendiente;earring
pendientes;slopes
pene;penis
penedès;penedès
penetración;penetration
penetre;penetrate
penguin;penguins
penicilina;penicillin
penide;penis
peninsular;peninsular
penitenciarias;penitentiaries
penitenciario;penitentiary
penrose;penrose
penryn;penryn
pensabar;think
pensabir;think
pensado;thought-out
pensador;thinker
pensadísimo;very thoughtful
pensamiento;thought
pensandoenblanco;thinkingblank
pensante;thinking
pensar;to think
pense;i thought
penser;think
pensilvania;pennsylvania
pensionado;pensioner
pensiones;pensions
pensionista;pensioner
pensión;pension
pensár;to think
pentester;pentester
pentesters;pentesters
pentesting;pentesting
penàguila;penaguila
península;peninsula
penúltimo;penultimate
peo;but
people;people
peoples;peoples
peor;worse
pep;pep
pepa;pepa
pepe;pepe
pepino;cucumber
pepitas;pips
pepitorio;pepitorio
pepo;pepo
peppa;peppa
pepsi;pepsi
pequeñita;tiny
pequeñito;tiny
pequeño;little
pequeños;little ones
per;but
pera;pear
peraita;peraita
peralada;peralada
perales;pear trees
percatar;realize
percepción;perception
percha;hanger
perchas;hangers
percibido;perceived
percibir;perceive
percir;perceive
perdedor;loser
perder;lose
perdertir;lose lose
perdería;would lose
perdicera;bonellis
perdida;loss
perdido;lost
perdiz;partridge
perdonar;forgive
perdurable;lasting
perdurar;endure
perdurarir;endure
perdértelo;miss it
perdón;sorry
pere;pere
perea;perea
perecer;perish
pereda;pereda
peregrinación;pilgrimage
peregrinaje;pilgrimage
peregrino;pilgrim
peregrinos;pilgrims
pereira;pereira
pereirir;lose
perenn;perennial
perenne;perennial
peres;peres
perezós;lazy
perfeccionado;improved
perfeccionamiento;improvement
perfeccionar;to perfect
perfeccionista;perfectionist
perfección;perfection
perfecta;perfect
perfectamente;perfectly
perfecto;perfect
perfil;profile
perfilar;outline
perforación;drilling
perforado;perforated
perforir;pierce
performance;performance
performanz;performance
performer;performer
perfume;fragrance
perfumería;perfumery
perfumista;perfumer
periferia;periphery
periférico;peripheral
perignon;perignon
periodicidad;periodicity
periodismo;journalism
periodista;journalist
periodistas;journalists
periodo;period
periodístico;journalistic
periplo;journey
periscopio;periscope
periscópico;periscopic
periurbana;periurban
periurbán;periurban
periódicamente;periodically
periódico;newspaper
perjudicado;injured
perjudicar;harm
perjudicial;harmful
perjuicio;damage
perla;pearl
permanecer;stay
permanencia;permanence
permanente;permanent
permanentemente;permanently
permanezca;stay
permanezcar;remain
permeabl;permeable
permeable;permeable
permiso;permission
permitido;permitted
permitierar;allow
permitir;allow
permitir yo;allow me
permitirir;allow
permitirtir;allow
permitiéndote;allowing you
permitiérar;allow
permito;i allow
permitírselo;afford it
permítanmar;letmar
pernoctación;overnight stay
peronista;peronist
perpendicular;perpendicular
perpetua;life
perpetual;perpetual
perpetuar;perpetuate
perpetúar;perpetuate
perro;dog
persa;persian
persecución;persecution
perseguido;pursued
perseguir;to pursue
perseguirl;chase him
perseverance;perseverance
perseverancia;perseverance
perseverant;persevering
persiana;blind
persigar;chase
persistente;persistent
persistir;to persist
persona;person
personaj;character
personaje;character
personal;staff
personales;personal
personalidad;personality
personalización;personalization
personalizado;personalized
personalizar;personalize
personalmente;personally
personalísimo;very personal
personas;people
personero;representative
personica;person
perspectiva;perspective
perspectivas;prospects
persuadir;to persuade
perte;part
pertenecer;to belong
perteneciente;belonging
pertenecés;you belong
pertenencia;belonging
pertenenciasdanial;belongingsdanial
pertenezcam tú;belong to you
pertierra;pertierra
pertinente;relevant
perturbación;disturbance
perturbar;to disturb
peru;peru
peruana;peruvian
peruano;peruvian
perucho;perucho
perugia;perugia
perversión;perversion
perverso;perverse
perãº;perãº
perímetro;perimeter
período;period
però;but
perú;peru
pes;weights
pesadilla;nightmare
pesado;heavy
pesantez;heaviness
pesar;to weigh
pesca;fishing
pescadería;fish shop
pescaderías;fishmongers
pescadilla;whiting
pescado;fish
pescador;fisherman
pescadores;fishermen
pescadoro;fisherman
pescados;fish
pescanova;pescanova
pescar;to fish
pese;i weighed
pesimismo;pessimism
pesimista;pessimistic
peso;weight
pesos;pesos
pesquera;fishery
pesquero;fishing
pesquería;fishery
pestana;tab
pestaña;tab
peste;plague
pesticida;pesticide
pesticide;pesticide
pesto;pesto
pesudo;heavy
petaca;hip flask
pete;pete
peteiro;peteiro
peter;peter
petición;petition
petr;petr
petra;petra
petrer;petrer
petrini;petrini
petro;petro
petroc;petroc
petroecuador;petroecuador
petroestado;petroestado
petrolera;oil company
petrolero;oil
petrolífero;oilfield
petróleo;petroleum
peugeot;peugeot
peus;peus
pew;pew
pez;fish
peín;comb
peña;grief
peñafiel;penafiel
peñalver;penalver
peñamil;penamil
pfizer;pfizer
pge;pge
pgu;pgu
ph;ph
pharmaceuticals;pharmaceuticals
phev;phev
phil;phil
philalithis;philalithis
philanthropy;philanthropy
philip;philip
philipp;philipp
philippe;philippe
philips;philips
phillipe;phillip
phocuswright;phocuswright
phoenix;phoenix
phone;telephone
photo;photos
photoespaña;photoespaña
photographer;photographer
photography;photography
phz;phz
piano;piano
pib;gdp
pica;pica
picacho;peak
picado;chopped
picante;spicy
picaporte;latch
picar;chop
picassent;picassent
picasso;picasso
picatost;picatost
picazo;piebald
picañar;pick
pich;pitch
pichardo;pichardo
pichi;pinafore
pick;pick
pico;peak
picos;spikes
pictórico;pictorial
picón;irritation
pide;asks
piden;they ask
pie;foot
piece;piece
piedra;stone
piedralaves;piedralaves
piedras;stones
piedrita;pebble
piel;skin
piens;do you think
piensa;think
pienso;i think
piensos;feed
pierda;lose
pierna;leg
pierre;pierre
pies;feet
pieter;pieter
pieza;part
pig;pig
pila;stack
pilar;pillar
pilat;pilat
pilbara;pilbara
pillapa;pillapa
pillar;catch
pills;pills
pilonga;pilonga
pilot;pilot
pilotaje;pilotage
pilotar;pilot
piloto;pilot
pilsen;pilsner
pilón;pylon
pimentón;peppers
pimieno;pepper
pimiento;pepper
pina;pineapple
pinar;pinewood
pinares;pine forests
pincelada;brushstroke
pinchar;puncture
pinchazo;prick
pinchen;poke
pincho;spike
pindado;pinnate
pine;pine
ping;ping
pingüino;penguin
pinheiro;pinheiro
pinheiros;pinheiros
pink;pink
pinker;pinker
pino;pine tree
pinoso;piney
pinot;pinot
pinta;pinta
pintada;graffiti
pintado;painted
pintar;to paint
pinterest;pinterest
pinto;i paint
pintor;painter
pintora;painter
pintoresco;picturesque
pintura;paint
pinus;pinus
pio;cheep
piolín;tweety
pionera;pioneer
pionero;pioneer
pipa;pipe
piparra;piparra
pipo;pipo
pippa;pippa
piquillo;piquillo
piqué;pique
pir;pir
pirar;pirate
pirata;pirate
piratas;pirates
piratear;hack
pirineo;pyrenees
pirineos;pyrenees
pirolisis;pyrolysis
pirotecnia;pyrotechnics
pirámid;pyramid
pirámidir;pyramid
pis;pee
pisa;tread
pisada;tread
pisado;stepped on
pisamos;we stepped on
pisar;step
pisarar;step on
piscicultura;pisciculture
piscifactoría;fish farm
piscina;swimming pool
pisco;pisco
piso;flat
pista;clue
pistache;pistachio
pistola;gun
pistoletazo;pistol shot
pistoni;pistons
pistoulet;pistolet
pita;whistle
pitar;whistle
pitch;pitch
pitiüses;pitiüses
pitufos;smurfs
piura;piura
pixabay;pixabay
pixar;pixar
pixel;pixel
pizarra;board
pizarro;slate
pizcueta;pizcueta
pizza;pizza
pizzica;pizza
piélagos;piélagos
piéton;python
piña;pineapple
piñera;pineapple
pj;pj
pk;pk
pl;pl
pla;plan
placa;license plate
placas;plates
place;place
placentero;pleasant
placer;pleasure
placo;plate
plademunt;platemunt
plaga;plague
plagado;plagued
plage;beach
plaguicida;pesticide
plan;plan
plana;flat
planas;flat
plancha;iron
planchado;ironing
planchar;iron
plancharla;iron it
plancton;plankton
planeación;planning
planeado;planned
planeamiento;planning
planean;plan
planear;to plan
planeir;plan
planes;plans
planet;planet
planeta;planet
planetaria;planetary
planetario;planetary
planifica;plan
planificación;planning
planificado;planned
planificador;planner
planificar;to plan
planilla;form
planning;planning
plano;flat
plant;plants
planta;plant
plantación;plantation
plantamos;we plant
plantando;planting
plantar;plant
plantea;poses
planteado;raised
planteamiento;approach
plantear;pose
plantear yo;pose i
plantearno;not consider
planteo;i raise
plantilla;template
planting;planting
plantir;palantir
plaqu;plated
plasma;plasma
plasmado;embodied
plasmar;portray
plata;silver
plataforma;platform
plataformas;platforms
platanera;banana tree
plateada;silver
platero;silversmith
platform;platform
platillo;saucer
platini;platinum
platino;platinum
platita;little silver
plato;dish
plató;dish
platós;plates
plausible;plausible
play;play
playa;beach
playas;beaches
player;player
playlist;playlist
playlists;playlists
playmobil;playmobil
playo;beach
playos;beach
plays;plays
playtomic;playtomic
plaza;square
plazo;term
plazos;deadlines
plc;plc
plebeyo;commoner
plebiscito;plebiscite
plegabl;folding
plegable;folding
plegado;creased
plegar;fold
plena;full
plenamente;fully
plenaria;plenary
plenario;plenary
plenitud;fullness
pleno;full
pletórico;plethoric
pleuroto;pleurotus
pliegue;fold
plomo;lead
plug;plug
plugin;plugins
plugins;plugins
plumaje;plumage
plumífero;hack
plural;plural
plurianual;multiannual
plus;plus
plusvalía;capital gain
plutocrático;plutocratic
pluton;pluto
pluvial;pluvial
pluviometría;pluviometry
pluviosidad;rainfall
plástico;plastic
plátano;banana
plática;talk
pm;p.m
pma;pma
pnd;png
pneumoniae;pneumoniae
pniec;pniec
pnud;undp
pnuma;pnuma
pnv;pnv
po;po
poblaceír;populate
poblacional;population
población;population
poblado;populated
poblador;settler
poblar;populate
poble;poble
poblets;poblets
pobre;poor
pobres;poor
pobreza;poverty
pobrezar;poverty
poché;poached
poda;pruning
podar;prune
podcast;podcast
podcasts;podcast
poder;can
poderes;powers
poderoso;powerful
podio;podium
podrar;may
podremos;we will can
podrido;rotten
podrá;may
podrás;you can
podréi;i can
podría;could
podéis;you can
podía;could
podíar;could
poe;poe
poema;poem
poesía;poetry
poeta;poet
pogba;pogba
poio;poio
poitrenaux;poitrenaux
poké;poke
pola;pole
polaco;polish
polanco;polanco
polar;polar
polarización;polarization
polarizada;polarized
polen;pollen
polesud;polesud
poliamina;polyamine
policial;police
policlínica;polyclinic
policy;policy
policía;policeman
polideportivo;sports center
poliestireno;polystyrene
polietileno;polyethylene
polifacético;multifaceted
polifenol;polyphenol
polimerizar;polymerize
polinización;pollination
polinizador;pollinator
polinizadora;pollinator
polinizar;pollinate
politetrafluoroetileno;polytetrafluoroethylene
politica;politics
political;political
politico;political
politización;politicization
politizado;politicized
politècnica;polytechnic
politécnica;polytechnic
politóloga;political scientist
politólogo;political scientist
polivalente;polyvalent
poliéster;polyester
pollo;chicken
polo;pole
polonia;poland
polución;pollution
polvareda;dust cloud
polvo;dust
polyformer;polyformer
polák;polák
polémica;controversy
polémico;controversial
polígono;polygon
polímero;polymer
política;politics
políticamente;politically
políticas;policies
político;political
pon;put
ponce;ponce
ponderado;weighted
ponderar;weigh
pondríamo;we would put
ponencia;presentation
ponent;speaker
ponente;speaker
ponentes;speakers
poner;put
poner yo;put me
ponerl;put it
ponerlo;put it
ponerte;wear
pongar;put
ponibl;wearable
poniéndomar;setting sea
ponlo;put it
pons;put
pont;bridge
ponte;put
pontejos;pontejos
pontevedra;pontevedra
pontificado;pontificate
pontificia;pontifical
pontones;pontoons
pontífice;pontiff
pontón;pontoon
ponzano;ponzano
ponzu;ponzu
pool;pool
pools;pools
pop;pop
popa;stern
popular;popular
popularidad;popularity
popularizada;popularized
popularizar;popularize
popularmente;popularly
population;population
populismo;populism
populista;populist
poquito;a little
porcelanosa;porcelain
porcelánico;porcelain
porcentaje;percentage
porcentual;percentage
porcinar;swine
porcino;porcine
porción;portion
porfolio;portfolio
pormenorizado;detailed
porosidad;porosity
poroso;porous
porposing;posing
porqué;because
porras;cheers
porro;joint
porrón;pochard
porsche;porsche
port;port
portaacepillo;toothbrush holder
portabilidad;portability
portacontenedor;container ship
portada;front page
portador;carrier
portafolio;briefcase
portal;portal
portals;portals
portapape;paper holder
portar;carry
portarrecambio;refill holder
portas;portholes
portavoces;spokesmen
portavoz;spokesman
porte;bearing
portero;goalie
portería;goal
porteño;porteño
portfolio;portfolio
portillo;gate
portmany;portmany
portuaria;port
portuario;port
portugal;portugal
portuguesa;portuguese
portugués;portuguese
portátil;laptop
portón;gate
porzuna;porzuna
pos;after
posada;hostal
posado;landed
posar;pose
poscapitalista;postcapitalist
poseen;possess
poseer;possess
posesión;possession
posgrado;postgraduate
posguerra;postwar period
posh;posh
posibilidad;possibility
posibilitado;enabled
posibilitar;enable
posibilitarla;make it possible
posibilitir;enable
posible;possible
posiblemente;possibly
posicionado;positioned
posicionamiento;positioning
posicionar;position
posicionarno;position ourselves
posicionir;position
posicionándolar;positioning
posición;position
posidonia;posidonia
posir;pose
positiva;positive
positivamente;positively
positive;positive
positivo;positive
poso;sediment
pospandemia;post-pandemic
pospandémico;post-pandemic
posponer;postpone
posproducción;post production
pospuesta;postponed
possibilities;possibilities
post;post
postal;postcard
postcovid;postcovid
poste;post
postergación;postponement
postergar;postpone
posterior;later
posteriori;after
posteriormente;subsequently
postfascista;post fascist
postgrado;graduate
postgrados;postgraduate
postmo;postmo
postpandemia;post-pandemic
postpermafrost;postpermafrost
postproducción;post production
postrar;prostrate
postraumático;post traumatic
postre;dessert
postuar;postulate
postulación;postulation
postular;postulate
postura;position
postéo;post
postín;posh
pot;pot
potabilización;purification
potable;potable
potasio;potassium
potato;potatoes
potencia;power
potenciación;empowerment
potenciador;enhancer
potenciadoro;enhancer
potencial;potential
potencialidad;potentiality
potencialmente;potentially
potenciar;empower
potentado;potentate
potente;powerful
potestad;authority
potibilizadora;empowering
pou;pou
poudoulec;poudoulec
poulenc;poulenc
poullennec;poullennec
poveda;poveda
poweer;power
power;power
powerball;power ball
powerbank;power bank
powerhouse;power house
powerpoint;powerpoint
pozo;well
pp;pp
ppc;ppc
ppdeg;ppdeg
ppef;ppef
ppm;ppm
practicando;practicing
practicante;practicing
practicar;to practice
practicidad;practicality
prada;prada
pradera;meadow
prado;meadow
prados;meadows
praemium;praemium
pragmatismo;pragmatism
pragmático;pragmatic
prakash;prakash
praliné;praline
prat;prat
prats;prats
pratsbernardo;pratsbernardo
prd;prd
pre;pre
precalificación;prequalification
precampaña;pre-campaign
precarga;preload
precariedad;precariousness
precario;precarious
precarizado;precarious
precarizar;make precarious
precaución;caution
precavido;cautious
precedente;preceding
preceder;precede
precedido;preceded
precepto;precept
preciado;valued
preciir;appreciate
precio;price
precios;prices
precioso;beautiful
precipicio;precipice
precipitación;precipitation
precipitar;precipitate
precisamente;precisely
precisar;specify
precise;specify
precision;precision
precisioncore;precisioncore
precisión;precision
preciso;accurate
precolisión;pre-collision
preconcedido;pre-granted
preconfigurado;preconfigured
precoz;early
precursorar;forerunner
predador;predator
predecesor;predecessor
predecesora;predecessor
predecibl;predictable
predecible;predictable
predecir;predict
predeposición;predeposition
predestinado;predestined
predeterminado;predetermined
predicar;preach
predicciones;predictions
predicción;prediction
predictive;predictive
predictivo;predictive
predilecto;favorite
predio;property
predisposición;predisposition
predispuesto;predisposed
predoctoral;predoctoral
predomina;predominates
predominante;predominant
predominantemente;predominantly
predominar;predominate
preeminencia;preeminence
preescolar;preschool
preestablecida;preset
preestreno;preview
preexistent;pre-existing
preexistente;preexisting
preferencia;preference
preferencial;preference
preferente;preferential
preferentemente;preferably
preferible;preferable
preferida;preferred
preferido;favorite
preferir;prefer
preferiríamos;we would prefer
prefier;prefer
prefiera;prefer
prefiere;prefer
prefiero;i prefer
prefijado;prefixed
pregrado;undergraduate
pregunta;question
preguntado;asked
preguntamos;we asked
preguntar;to ask
preguntar yo;ask me
preguntarno;ask us
preguntas;questions
pregunte;i asked for
preguntir;ask
preguntárar;ask
pregón;proclamation
prehabilitación;prehabilitation
preincubación;preincubation
preindustrial;preindustrial
preinscrito;pre-registered
prejubilación;early retirement
prejuicio;prejudice
prejuicios;prejudices
prejuiciosa;prejudiced
prelegislativo;pre-legislative
preliminar;preliminary
preliminares;preliminaries
preliminarmente;preliminarily
prem;premium
premamás;maternity
prematura;early
prematuro;premature
premia;rewards
premiación;award
premiada;awarded
premiado;prize
premiados;awarded
premiar;reward
premien;reward
premier;premier
premio;reward
premioenrique;awardenrique
premios;awards
premisa;premise
premium;premium
premsa;press
prenatal;prenatal
prenda;garment
prendas;garments
prender;turn on
prensa;press
preocupa;worries
preocupación;concern
preocupado;concerned
preocupant;worrisome
preocupante;worrying
preocupar;worry
preocupar yo;worry me
preocuparar;worry
preocuparte;worry
prepandemia;pre-pandemic
preparación;preparation
preparado;prepared
preparamo;prepare
preparamos;we prepare
preparar;set up
prepararno;get ready
preparativo;preparative
preparatorio;preparatory
prepare;prepare
preparo;prepare
preparándono;getting ready
prepotente;prepotent
preprimavero;prespring
prerrogativa;prerogative
presa;prey
presagio;omen
prescindimos;we do without
prescindir;dispense with
prescripción;prescription
prescriptor;prescriber
presea;preseas
preseleccionado;shortlisted
presencia;presence
presencial;face-to-face
presencialidad;face-to-face
presencialmente;in person
presenciar;witness
present;present
presenta;presents
presentable;presentable
presentación;presentation
presentado;presented
presentador;presenter
presentadora;presenter
presentadoro;presenter
presentan;present
presentar;introduce
presentarte;introduce you
presente;present
presenter;presenter
presentir;presage
preservación;preservation
preservar;preserve
preservation;preservation
preset;preset
presi;press
presidencia;presidency
presidencial;presidential
president;president
presidenta;chairwoman
presidente;president
presidentes;presidents
presidido;chaired
presidir;preside
presiona;press
presionado;held down
presionar;press
presión;pressure
preso;prisoner
press;press
presta;lend
prestacional;performance
prestaciones;benefits
prestación;benefit
prestado;borrowed
prestamista;lender
prestancia;presence
prestar;to loan
prestashop;prestashop
prestigiar;give prestige
prestigio;prestige
prestigioso;prestigious
prestir;lend
presto;presto
presumar;brag
presumir;to show off
presuntamente;allegedly
presunto;alleged
presuponer;presuppose
presupostos;budgets
presupuestado;budgeted
presupuestar;budget
presupuestaria;budgetary
presupuestariamente;budgetary
presupuestario;budgetary
presupuesto;budget
presupuestos;budgets
pretemporada;preseason
pretender;pretend
pretendido;alleged
pretendíar;pretend
pretensión;claim
pretexto;pretext
prevalecer;prevail
prevalencia;prevalence
prevaricación;prevarication
prevención;prevention
prevenibl;preventable
prevenible;preventable
prevenir;prevent
prevenirla;prevent it
preventa;presale
preventivo;preventive
prever;foresee
preveíar;foresee
previa;previous
previamente;previously
previo;previous
previously;previously
previsibilidad;predictability
previsible;foreseeable
previsiblemente;predictably
previsional;pension
previsiones;forecasts
previsión;forecast
previsor;farsighted
previsora;farsighted
previsto;provided
prevã;foresee
prevén;foresee
prezioso;precious
preámbulo;preamble
preñado;pregnant
pri;pri
price;price
prieto;tight
prima;cousin
primacy;primacy
primacía;primacy
primar;prime
primaria;primary
primario;primary
primark;primark
primary;primary
primate;primate
primatóloga;primatologist
primavera;spring
prime;prime
primeramente;firstly
primeras;first
primero;first
primerísimo;very first
primicia;scoop
primitivo;primitive
primo;cousin
primordial;primordial
primordialmente;primarily
princesa;princess
princeton;princeton
principado;principality
principal;major
principalmente;mainly
principiantes;beginners
principio;beginning
principios;beginning
pringá;pringá
print;prints
priopcion;prioption
priorato;priory
priori;priori
prioridad;priority
prioritario;priority
priorizacer;prioritize
priorización;priorization
priorizado;prioritized
priorizar;prioritize
prisa;rush
prisar;hurry
prisionero;prisoner
prisión;prison
pristupluk;pristupluk
pritzker;pritzker
privacidad;privacy
privación;deprivation
privada;private
privado;private
privar;deprive
privaticir;privatize
privatización;privatization
privatizado;privatized
privatizar;privatize
privats;private
privilegiado;privileged
privilegiar;privilege
privilegio;privilege
privándolo;depriving him
privée;private
prix;prices
prize;price
pro;pro
proa;bow
proactivo;proactive
probabilidad;probability
probable;probable
probablemente;probably
probado;tried
probar;try
probarer;try
problema;issue
problemas;problems
problematizar;problematize
problemática;problematic
problemático;problematic
probosnia;probosnia
probosnio;probosnian
probó;tried
procedencia;origin
procedente;coming from
proceder;proceed
procedimiento;process
procedo;proceed
proceed;proceed
procesa;processes
procesabl;actionable
procesable;actionable
procesado;indicted
procesador;processor
procesamiento;prosecution
procesamo;we process
procesamos;we process
procesando;processing
procesar;process
proceso;process
processed;processed
proclama;proclamation
proclamar;proclaim
proclive;prone
procuraduría;attorney
procurar;to procure
procuro;i try
procurábar;try
procés;process
prodesen;prodesen
prodetur;prodetur
prodigar;lavish
prodigio;prodigy
producciones;productions
producción;production
producido;produced
producir;produce
producirir;produce
product;products
productions;productions
productiva;productive
productividad;productivity
productivo;productive
productivos;productive
producto;product
productor;producer
productora;producer
productores;producers
productos;products
productosy;products and
products;products
produzca;produce
profecía;prophecy
profesional;professional
profesionales;professionals
profesionalidad;professionalism
profesionalización;professionalization
profesionalizar;professionalize
profesionalmente;professionally
profesión;profession
profesor;professor
profesora;teacher
profesorado;faculty
profesoro;teacher
professional;professional
professor;teacher
profeta;prophet
profetizar;prophesy
profitable;profitable
profundamente;deeply
profundidad;depth
profundización;deepening
profundizar;deepen
profundo;deep
progenitor;progenitor
progestina;progestin
program;program
programa;program
programable;programmable
programación;programming
programado;programmed
programador;programmer
programadorser;programmerto be
programar;program
programas;programs
programme;schedule
programmed;programmed
programático;programmatic
progre;progress
progresar;progress
progresismo;progressivism
progresista;progressive
progresivamente;progressively
progresividad;progressiveness
progresivo;progressive
progresión;progression
progreso;progress
progress;progress
progrés;i progressed
prohibición;prohibition
prohibido;forbidden
prohibir;ban
prohíbir;ban
project;project
projects;projects
proliferación;proliferation
proliferar;proliferate
prolongación;extension
prolongado;dragged on
prolongan;prolong
prolongar;prolong
promedio;average
promenade;promenade
promesa;promise
prometedor;promising
prometedora;promising
prometer;pledge
prometido;fiance
prometíar;promise
prominente;prominent
promised;promised
promo;promo
promocional;promotional
promocionar;promote
promoción;promotion
promofarma;promopharma
promoted;promoted
promotor;promoter
promotora;promotion girl
promover;promote
promovido;promoted
promueir;promote
promuevar;promote
promulgación;promulgation
promulgar;enact
promulguir;enact
promís;promises
pronosticar;predict
prontitud;readiness
prontuario;record
pronuncia;pronounce
pronunciado;pronounced
pronunciamiento;pronouncement
pronunciar;to pronounce
pronunciarno;pronounceno
pronuncien;pronounce
pronóstico;forecast
propagación;spread
propaganda;propaganda
propagandístico;propagandistic
propagar;spread
propensión;propensity
propenso;prone
property;property
propiamente;properly
propiciar;propitiate
propicio;auspicious
propiedad;property
propietaria;owner
propietario;owner
propon;propose
proponen;propose
proponer;propose
propongar;propose
proporcionado;provided
proporcional;proportional
proporcionalidad;proportionality
proporcionalmente;proportionally
proporcionar;provide
proporcionarer;provide
proporcionir;provide
proporción;proportion
proposición;proposition
propositivo;purposeful
proprio;own
propuesta;proposal
propuestas;proposals
propuesto;proposed
propulsada;propelled
propulsado;propelled
propulsar;propel
propulsivo;propulsive
propulsión;propulsion
propusar;propose
propusierar;propose
propusiero;i proposed
propósito;purpose
prorrogar;extend
prosaico;prosaic
proseguir;pursue
proseguirnos;follow us
prosegur;prosegur
prospectivo;prospective
prosperan;prosper
prosperar;thrive
prosperen;prosper
prosperidad;prosperity
prosperity;prosperity
pross;progress
prostituir;prostitute
protagonismo;leadership
protagonista;protagonist
protagonistas;protagonists
protagonizado;starring
protagonizar;star
protección;protection
protector;protective
protege;protects
protegemos;we protect
protegen;protect
proteger;to protect
protegerno;protect us
protegerte;protect you
protegidas;protected
protegido;protected
protegíar;protect
protein;protein
protesta;protest
protestamo;we protest
protestante;protestant
protestar;to protest
proteína;protein
proteínas;proteins
proteínicar;protein
proteínico;proteinaceous
protocol;protocol
protocolo;protocol
protogobierno;proto-government
protoprops;protoprops
prototipado;prototyped
prototipo;prototype
prototype;prototype
prou;prou
provecho;advantage
provechoso;useful
provedor;supplier
provee;provides
proveedor;supplier
proveedoro;supplier
proveer;provide
provenient;coming from
proveniente;coming from
provenir;stem
providencia;providence
provincia;province
provincial;provincial
provincias;provinces
provino;came from
provisionado;provisioned
provisional;provisional
provisionalmente;provisionally
provisión;provision
provisorio;provisional
provisto;provided
provocación;provocation
provocado;caused
provocadora;provocative
provocar;to provoke
provocarían;would cause
provocándol;provoking him
proximidad;proximity
proyección;projection
proyectada;projected
proyectado;projected
proyectar;to project
proyectazo;projected
proyecto;project
proyectos;projects
prt;prt
prudencia;prudence
prudencial;prudential
prudente;prudent
prueba;test
pruebas;tests
pruebe ;try
pràctica;practice
práctica;practice
prácticamente;practically
prácticamenteel;practically the
prácticas;practices
práctico;practical
préstamo;loan
príncipe;the prince
prístina;pristine
prístín;pristine
prórroga;extension
próspera;prosperous
próspero;prosperous
prótesis;prosthesis
próximamente;coming soon
próximo;next
psacp;psacp
psc;psc
pseudo;pseudo
pseudocereal;pseudocereal
pseudomonas;pseudomonas
psg;psg
psicodélico;psychedelic
psicología;psychology
psicológico;psychological
psicoterapeuta;psychotherapist
psicóloga;psychologist
psicólogo;psychologist
psiquiatría;psychiatry
psiquiàtric;psychiatric
psoe;psoe
pt;pt
ptc;ptc
ptfe;ptfe
ptsd;ptsd
ptv;ptv
pu;pu
pub;pub
public;public
publicación;publication
publicado;published
publicamos;we publish
publicar;post
publicidad;advertising
publicir;advertise
publicis;publicis
publicista;publicist
publicitar;advertise
publicitario;advertising
publicitarios;advertising
publico;public
publinoticia;newsflash
published;published
pucci;pucci
puchero;soup
pudiente;wealthy
pudiérar;could
pudrar;rot
pudreir;rot
pudrición;decay
pueblo;village
pueblos;towns
puedar;can
puedes;you may
puente;bridge
puerro;leek
puerta;gate
puertas;doors
puertito;little port
puerto;port
puertos;ports
puesta;put
puesto;market stall
pugh;pugh
pugilismo;boxing
puglia;puglia
puhlmann;puhlmann
puig;puig
puigdemont;puigdemont
puigdevall;puigdevall
puigjaner;puigjaner
puja;bid
pujante;vigorous
pujanza;strength
puleir;polish
pulgada;inch
pulgadas;inches
pulgar;thumb
pulido;polished
pulling;pulling
pullman;pullman
pulmonar;pulmonary
pulmón;lung
pulp;pulp
pulpa;pulp
pulpo;octopus
pulsar;press
pulsera;wrist
pulso;pulse
pulverizar;grind up
pum;boom
puma;cougar
pump;pump
punitivo;punitive
punt;point
punta;tip
puntar;score
puntera;toecap
puntero;pointer
puntito;dot
punto;point
puntuación;punctuation
puntual;punctual
puntualizar;point out
puntualmente;promptly
puntuar;score
puntúar;score
punzant;sharp
pupilaje;pupilage
pupilo;ward
pupitre;desk
pura;pure
puramente;purely
pure;mashed potatoes
pureza;purity
purga;purge
purificar;purify
puro;pure
puromarketing;puremarketing
purpose;purpose
puré;mashed potatoes
purée;puree
purín;slurry
purísima;most pure
push;push
pushaw;pushaw
pusir;put
putellas;sluts
putin;putin
putinista;putinist
putrefacto;putrid
puzolánico;pozzolanic
puértolas;portolas
puñado;handful
puño;fist
pvblic;pvblic
pvc;pvc
pvem;pvem
pwc;pwc
pxde;pxde
pym;pym
pymar;pymar
pyme;sme
pymes;smes
pyratex;piratex
python;python
pádel;paddle
páez;paez
página;page
páginar;page
págín;page
pájaro;bird
pájaros;birds
pálido;pale
páncrea;pancreas
páncreas;pancreas
pánico;panic
páramo;paramo
párrafo;paragraph
párroco;parish priest
pã;pa
pãºblico;public
pélvico;pelvic
pérdida;loss
pérdidas;losses
pérez;perez
pérgola;pergola
pérsico;persian
pésimo;appalling
pétreo;stony
pìonero;pioneer
pía;peep
pícaramente;mischievously
píldora;pill
píxel;pixel
póker;poker
póliza;policy
pón;put
póngame;put me on
póquer;poker
pós;after
pública;public
públicamente;publicly
públicas;public
público;public
públicos;public
púlblico;public
qa;qa
qaddumi;qaddumi
qanon;qanon
qatar;qatar
qatargas;qatargas
qatarí;qatari
qev;qev
qigong;qigong
qled;qled
qnb;qnb
qr;qr
qs;whats
qu;what
quaderns;notebooks
quadruple;quadruple
qualcomm;qualcomm
quality;quality
quants;quants
quantum;quantum
quaradeghini;quaradeghini
quasar;quasar
quatretondeta;quatretondeta
quebrada;broken
quebradero;upset
quebradiza;brittle
quebrar;break
quedar;stay
quedar yo;stay me
quedarno;stay
quedo;i stay
queens;queens
queensland;queensland
queensway;queensway
queer;queer
quehacer;to do
queipo;queipo
queja;complain
quejar;complain
quelante;chelating
quema;burning
quemado;burned
quemaduras;burns
quemar;burn down
quenard;quenard
quepa;fit
querar;want
querella;complaint
querellante;complainant
querellas;lawsuits
querencia;haunt
querer;want
queretano;queretano
querido;dear
queroseno;kerosene
querrás;you will want
query;query
queréis;do you want
querétaro;queretaro
quesería;it would
queso;cheese
quesos;cheeses
quevedo;pince-nez
quexesto;i asked this
queír;want
quiche;quiche
quick;quick
quid;crux
quiebra;bankruptcy
quiebrir;bankrupt
quiera;want
quierar;want
quieras;you want
quieres;you want
quiero;i want
quierocorredor;i want runner
quimera;chimera
quimioterapia;chemotherapy
quince;fifteen
quinceavo;fifteenth
quiniela;football pools
quinientos;five hundred
quinoa;quinoa
quinoo;quinoo
quinta;fifth
quintana;quintana
quintela;quintela
quintero;quintero
quintil;quintile
quinto;fifth
quintoelemento;fifth element
quintuplicar;quintuple
quinuo;quinoa
quique;quique
quirze;quirze
quirónsalud;quirónsalud
quirúrgico;surgical
quisimos;we wanted
quisir;want
quisiser;wanted
quisistir;wanted
quisiérar;would like
quita;remove
quitapelusas;lint remover
quitar;put off
quite;remove
quito;remove
quiz;quiz
qunli;qunli
quo;what
quã;what
quérodrigo;querodrigo
química;chemistry
químicamente;chemically
químico;chemical
rabioso;rabid
race;race
racero;racer
racha;streak
rachel;rachel
racial;racial
racing;racing
racional;rational
racionalidad;rationality
racionalización;rationalization
racionalizar;rationalize
racionamiento;rationing
racir;race
racismo;racism
racista;racist
ración;ration
racó;raco
radar;radar
radarser;radarser
radarseres;radarseres
radiación;radiation
radiactividad;radioactivity
radiador;radiator
radial;radial
radiante;radiant
radicado;settled
radical;radical
radicalismo;radicalism
radicalmente;radically
radicar;file
radio;radio
radioantena;radio antenna
radiofrecuencia;radio frequency
radiofónico;radiophonic
radioterapia;radiotherapy
rafa;rafa
rafael;raphael
rafal;rafal
rafia;raffia
rag;rag
raga;raga
raheem;raheem
rahiap;rahiap
rahman;rahman
rahmon;rahmon
rahola;rahola
rai;ray
raidtxu;raidtxu
rail;rail
raimon;raimon
raimundo;raymond
raja;raja
rajkumari;rajkumari
rajoy;rajoy
rakuten;rakuten
ralenticir;slow down
ralentizar;slow down
ralf;ralf
ralla;grate
ralladura;zest
ralli;rally
rally;rally
ralph;ralph
ram;ram
rama;branch
ramadán;ramadan
ramallal;branch line
ramaphosa;ramaphosa
ramaphós;ramaphos
ramboll;ramboll
ramificación;branch
ramir;ramir
ramit;twig
ramo;bouquet
ramon;ramon
ramos;bouquets
ramírez;ramirez
ramón;ramon
ran;ran
ranch;ranch
rancho;ranch
ranchon;ranchon
random;random
randomk;randomk
randy;randy
rangel;rangel
rango;range
rank;rank
ranking;ranking
rapatriés;kidnappers
rapaz;rapacious
rape;snuff
raphaël;raphaël
rapidez;speed
raquel;raquel
raquítica;rickety
rara;weird
raramente;rarely
raro;rare
ras;flush
rascacielos;skyscraper
rascado;scratched
rascador;scratching post
rascar;scratch
rasgar;rip
rasgo;feature
rasmussen;rasmussen
raspar;to scrape
raspe;scrape
raspu;scrape
rastrear;track
rastreo;tracking
rastrillo;rake
rastro;trace
rat;rat
rata;rat
ratificación;ratification
ratificar;ratify
ratificatorio;ratifying
rating;rating
ratio;rate
ratledge;ratledge
ratnavati;ratnavati
rato;little while
ratonero;buzzard
ratti;ratti
ratón;mouse
rausell;rausell
raven;raven
ravioli;ravioli
ravioxo;ravioxo
raw;raw
raxó;raxó
ray;ray
raya;stripe
rayado;lined
rayas;stripes
rayo;ray
rayon;scratch
rayyan;rayyan
raza;race
razer;razer
razonable;reasonable
razonablemente;reasonably
razonamiento;reasoning
razonamo;we reason
razonamos;we reason
razonar;to reason
razones;reasons
razón;reason
raíces;estate
raíz;root
raïka;raika
raúl;raul
rbpt;rbpt
rd;rd
reabrir;reopen
reaccionar;react
reaccionario;reactionary
reacciones;reactions
reacción;reaction
reached;reached
reacia;reluctant
reacio;reluctant
reacondicionado;reconditioned
reacondicionamiento;reconditioning
reacreditación;reaccreditation
react;react
reactivación;reactivation
reactivar;reactivate
reactividad;reactivity
reactivo;reagent
reactor;reactor
read;read
readaptar;readapt
reading;reading
ready;ready
reafirmar;reaffirm
reafirmé;i reaffirmed
reagan;reagan
reagrupar;regroup
reajustar;reset
real;real
reale;real
reales;real
realicen;perform
realicé;i made
realidad;reality
realismo;realism
realista;realistic
reality;reality
realix;realix
realización;realization
realizado;done
realizador;producer
realizadora;director
realizamos;we perform
realizar;realize
realizarer;perform
realizarte;make you
realizarã;will perform
realizáser;be realized
realme;really
realmente;really
reanudación;resumption
reanudar;resume
reaparecido;reappeared
reaparición;reappearance
reapertura;reopening
reaprender;relearn
reapuntalamiento;reshoring
rearticulación;rearticulation
rebaja;reduction
rebajado;lowered
rebajar;lower
rebasar;to overtake
rebatir;refute
rebautizar;rename
rebeca;rebeca
rebecca;rebecca
rebelar;rebel
rebelde;rebel
rebelion;rebellion
rebellion;rebellion
reborn;reborn
rebotar;bounce
rebote;rebound
reboxing;reboxing
rebrot;regrowth
recaar;relapse
recabado;collected
recabar;collect
recado;message
recae;relapses
recaer;relapse
recaigar;relapse
recalar;stop
recalca;emphasizes
recalcado;stressed
recalcar;emphasize
recalcitrant;recalcitrant
recalco;i stress
recalentado;reheated
recalibración;recalibration
recalibrar;recalibrate
recalientar;reheat
recambio;replacement
recapitalización;recapitalization
recapturar;recapture
recarga;recharge
recargable;rechargeable
recargar;recharge
recarguir;reload
recaudación;collection
recaudado;collected
recaudar;collect
recaudatorio;collection
receloso;suspicious
recently;recently
recep;recep
recepcionar;receive
recepción;reception
receptivo;receptive
receptor;receiver
recesivo;recessive
recesión;recession
receso;break
receta;prescription
recetar;prescribe
recetario;recipe book
rechazar;decline
rechazir;reject
rechazo;rejection
rechazonuevoproceso;rejectionnewprocess
rechazoplanc;rejectionplanc
rechazoporchile;rejection by chile
reciba;receive
recibar;receive
recibe;receives
recibes;you receive
recibido;received
recibie;to receive
recibimiento;reception
recibimoooos;we received
recibir;to receive
recibirno;receive us
recibiríar;would receive
recibo;receipt
recicla;recycle
reciclab;recycle
reciclabilidad;recyclability
reciclabl;recyclable
reciclable;recyclable
reciclada;recycled
reciclado;recycling
reciclaje;recycling
reciclar;recycle
reciclábir;recycle
reciclándola;recycling it
reciente;recent
recientemente;recently
recilar;recycle
recinto;enclosure
recipient;recipient
recipiente;bowl
reciprocidad;reciprocity
recisión;rescission
recital;recital
recitar;recite
reciã;recently
recién;newly
reclamación;claim
reclaman;claim
reclamar;claim
reclamo;claim
recluido;secluded
recluso;recluse
reclutado;recruited
reclutamiento;recruitment
reclutar;recruit
recobrar;recover
recode;recode
recodo;bend
recoger;pick up
recogida;pickup
recogido;picked up
recogiéndola;picking it up
recogía;collected
recogíar;pick up
recolección;harvest
recolectada;collected
recolectado;collected
recolectar;gather
recolector;collector
recolectora;collector
recomeir;recommend
recomendable;recommendable
recomendación;recommendation
recomendadas;recommended
recomendado;recommended
recomendamos;recommend
recomendar;recommend
recomendaría;would recommend
recomienda;recommends
recomiendir;recommend
recompensa;reward
recompensar;reward
recompra;buy back
recomprar;repurchase
reconciliación;reconciliation
reconciliar;reconcile
reconducir;redirect
reconectar;reconnect
reconecté;i reconnected
reconexión;reconnection
reconfigurabl;reconfigurable
reconfiguración;reconfiguration
reconfigurar;reconfigure
reconfortante;comforting
reconoc;recognized
reconocer;to recognize
reconoceréis;you will recognize
reconocibl;recognizable
reconocida;recognized
reconocidamente;admittedly
reconocido;recognized
reconocidos;recognized
reconocierar;recognize
reconocimientir;recognize
reconocimiento;recognition
reconozar;recognize
reconozcar;recognize
reconquista;reconquest
reconsideración;reconsideration
reconsiderar;reconsider
reconsiderar yo;reconsider myself
reconstituier;reconstituting
reconstrucción;reconstruction
reconstrución;reconstruction
reconstruir;rebuild
recontar;recount
recontextualizar;recontextualize
reconversión;conversion
reconvertido;converted
reconvertir;reconvert
recopa;collect
recopilación;collection
recopilado;collected
recopilar;collect
recopilir;collect
recordad;remember
recordado;remembered
recordamos;we remember
recordar;to remember
recordar yo;remember me
recordarl;remind him
recordatorio;reminder
recordemos;lets remember
recorder;recorder
records;records
recorran;go through
recorremos;we travel
recorrer;travel
recorrida;traveled
recorrido;route
recortada;cropped
recortado;cut
recortar;cut
recortarte;trim yourself
recorte;cutout
recoser;reseat
recreación;recreation
recrear;recreate
recreativa;recreational
recreativo;recreational
recrecer;regrow
recreo;playtime
recriminar;reproach
recrudecer;escalate
recta;straight
rectificación;rectification
rectificar;rectify
rectifico;i rectify
recto;right
rector;rector
rectorado;rectory
rectores;rectors
recualificación;requalification
recubierta;coated
recubierto;covered
recubre;covers
recubrir;coat
recudir;reduce
recuento;count
recuerdir;remember
recuerdo;memory
recuerdser;remember to be
recuper;recovered
recuperabl;recoverable
recuperación;recovery
recuperado;recovered
recuperamo;we recover
recuperar;retrieve
recuperar yo;recover me
recuperartir;recover
recuperir;recover
recupero;he recovered
recurrente;recurrent
recurrentemente;recurrently
recurrir;appeal
recurso;resource
recursos;means
recycle;recycle
recycling;recycling
recóndito;recondite
red;net
redacción;drafting
redactar;write
redactor;editor
redactora;editor
redactoro;editor
redada;raid
rede;network
redecorar;redecorate
redefinar;redefine
redefineir;redefine
redefinición;redefinition
redefinir;redefine
redefinirlo;redefine it
redefinirno;redefine us
redes;networks
redescubrimiento;rediscovery
redescubrir;rediscover
redescubriéndome;rediscovering myself
redime;redeem
redimensionar;resize
redireccionamiento;redirect
redireccionarlo;redirect it
redirección;redirect
redirection;redirection
redirigir;redirect
rediseñar;redesign
rediseño;redesign
redistribución;redistribution
redistribuir;redistribute
redistributiva;redistributive
redit;redit
redlining;redlining
redmeree;redmeree
redmi;redmi
redoblar;redouble
redoblir;redouble
redondeada;rounded
redondo;round
redosc;redosc
redován;redovan
redreja;grate
redruello;redruello
reduccionismo;reductionism
reducción;reduction
reducido;reduced
reduciendir;reduce
reducir;reduce
reducirer;reduce
reducirlo;reduce it
reduction;reduction
reductivo;reductive
redunda;redounds
redundacer;redundant
redundancia;redundancy
redundant;redundant
redundante;redundant
redundar;redound
redundir;redound
reduz;reduce
reduzcar;reduce
reebok;reebok
reedición;reissue
reeditemos;lets reissue
reeducación;re-education
reeducar;re-educate
reelaborar;rework
reelección;re-election
reelegido;re-elected
reelegir;re-elect
reels;reels
reem;reem
reembolsabl;refundable
reemplaza;replaces
reemplazar;replace
reemplazarir;replace
reemplazo;replacement
reencontrar;rediscover
reenfocar;refocus
reensamblaje;reassembly
reentrada;re-entry
reequilibrar;rebalance
reequilibrio;rebalancing
reestructuración;restructuring
reestructurar;restructure
reevaluar;re-evaluate
reexaminar;re-examine
refactory;refactory
reference;references
referencia;reference
referencial;referential
referencias;references
referente;referrer
referida;referred
referido;referred
referimos;we mean
referir;refer
refernte;referrer
referéndum;referendum
referéndums;referendums
referí;referee
refinación;refinement
refinado;refined
refinador;refiner
refinamiento;refinement
refinanciación;refinancing
refinanciamiento;refinancing
refinanciar;refinance
refinar;refine
refinería;refinery
refiunería;refinery
reflectivo;reflective
reflejada;reflected
reflejado;reflected
reflejandir;reflect
reflejar;reflect
reflejo;reflection
reflexionar;reflect
reflexiono;i reflect
reflexivo;thoughtful
reflexión;reflection
reforcer;reinforce
reforesta;reforests
reforestacion;reforestation
reforestación;reforestation
reforestada;reforested
reforestado;reforested
reforestar;reforest
reforma;reform
reformar;reform
reformas;reforms
reformulación;reformulation
reformular;reformulate
reforzado;reinforced
reforzamiento;reinforcement
reforzar;beef up
reforzarar;reinforce
reforzarno;reinforce us
refranero;proverb
refrendar;countersign
refrentar;face
refrescante;refreshing
refrescantes;refreshing
refrescar;refresh
refrescartar;refresh
refresco;soda
refrigeración;refrigeration
refrigerado;cooled
refrigerant;coolant
refrigerante;refrigerant
refrigerar;refrigerate
refrán;saying
refuel;refuel
refueleu;refueleu
refuels;refuels
refuercir;reinforce
refuerzo;reinforcement
refugee;refugee
refugiado;refugee
refugiar;shelter
refugio;shelter
refurbish;refurbish
refurbished;refurbished
refutado;disproved
refutar;refute
regado;watered
regadío;irrigation
regala;give away
regalar;give away
regalo;gift
regalía;royalty
regant;regant
regar;to water
regasificadora;regasification
regata;race
regatas;regattas
regatista;sailor
regañá;scold
regañás;you scold
regenera;regenerates
regeneración;regeneration
regenerar;regenerate
regenerativo;regenerative
regido;governed
regidor;alderman
regina;regina
reginald;reginald
regio;royal
region;region
regional;regional
regionales;regional
regiones;regions
regir;govern
regis;register
registardo;registrar
registra;records
registrada;registered
registrado;registered
registrar;to register
registrarme;register me
registrarte;register
registrir;register
registro;registration
registrser;register
región;region
regla;rule
reglado;regulated
reglamentación;regulation
reglamentado;regulated
reglamentar;regulate
reglamentario;regulatory
reglamento;regulation
regleta;power strip
regragui;regragui
regreening;regreening
regresar;to return
regrese;i am back
regresivo;regressive
regresión;regression
regreso;return
reguetonero;reggaeton
reguetón;reggaeton
regulable;adjustable
regulación;regulation
regulado;regulated
regulador;regulator
reguladores;regulators
regulan;regulate
regular;regular
regularidad;regularity
regularir;regulate
regularización;regularization
regularmente;regularly
regulatorio;regulatory
regusto;aftertaste
regímén;regime
regístrate;sign up
rehabilitación;rehabilitation
rehabilitado;rehabilitated
rehabilitar;rehabilitate
rehacer;redo
rehman;rehman
rehuir;shun
rei;king
reich;reich
reimaginación;reimagining
reimaginar;reimagine
reimers;reimers
reina;queen
reinar;reign
reinauguración;reopening
reincorporar;reincorporate
reindustrialización;reindustrialization
reindustrializar;reindustrialize
reingresar;re-enter
reingreso;re-entry
reinicio;reboot
reino;kingdom
reinosa;reigning
reinoso;kingdom
reinounido;uk
reinserción;reinsertion
reinsertar;reinsert
reinstalar;reinstall
reintegrar yo;reintegrate myself
reinterpretación;reinterpretation
reinterpretada;reinterpreted
reinterpretado;reinterpreted
reinterpretar;reinterpret
reintroducción;reintroduction
reinventar;reinvent
reinventar yo;reinvent myself
reinventarno;reinvent ourselves
reinventarse;reinvent yourself
reinventándome;reinventing myself
reinviertar;reinvest
reir;laugh
reisch;reich
reiteradamente;repeatedly
reiterado;reiterated
reiteramos;we reiterate
reiterar;to reiterate
reiterat;reiterated
reiterativo;reiterative
reivindicación;claim
reivindicar;claim
reivindicativo;vindictive
reivindico;i claim
reivindique;claim
rejilla;rack
relacionada;related
relacionadas;related
relacionado;related
relacionados;related
relacional;relational
relacionamos;we relate
relacionar;relate
relacionarno;not relate
relaciones;relations
relacionir;relate
relación;relationship
relajación;relaxation
relajadamente;relaxed
relajado;relaxed
relajante;relaxing
relajar;relax
relajar yo;relax me
relanzamiento;relaunching
relanzar;relaunch
relatar;relate
relations;relationships
relativamente;relatively
relativista;relativistic
relativo;relative
relato;story
relator;rapporteur
relax;relax
relegada;relegated
relegado;relegated
relegar;relegate
relevanc;relevant
relevancia;relevance
relevante;relevant
relevar;relieve
relevo;relief
relieve;relief
relieves;reliefs
religioso;religious
religión;religion
reliquia;relic
rellena;stuffed
rellenarlo;fill it
relleno;filling
relleu;relleu
relocalización;relocation
reloj;clock
relojería;watchmaking
relucir;shine
relámpago;flash of lightning
remacha;rivet
remachar;rivet
remanente;remainder
remanufacturación;remanufacturing
remanufacturar;remanufacture
remarca;remark
remarcar;remark
remata;tops off
rematada;topped off
rematar;top off
remedio;remedy
remedios;remedies
remei;remei
rememorar;reminisce
rememoro;i remember
remesa;consignment
remisión;remission
remitente;sender
remitido;forwarded
remitir;refer
remo;rowing
remodelación;remodeling
remodelar;remodel
remolacha;beetroot
remolcador;tug
remolque;trailer
remontado;traced
remontar;come back
remordimiento;remorse
remoto;remote
remover;remove
remplazar;replace
remplazo;replacement
remsa;remsa
remuneración;remuneration
remuneradamente;paid
remunerado;paid
remunerar;remunerate
remunerir;remunerate
remunicipalización;remunicipalization
remy;remy
renacimiento;renaissance
renal;renal
renaturalizar;renature
renaud;renaud
renault;renault
renaulution;renaulution
renca;renca
rencil;grudge
rendición;surrender
rendimiento;performance
rendir;yield
rendir yo;surrender i
rendirte;give up
rendirtir;surrender
rendón;rendon
renegociación;renegotiation
renegociar;renegotiate
renfe;renfe
renglón;row
renieguir;disown
renombre;renown
renombrir;rename
renovabl;renewable
renovable;renewable
renovables;renewable
renovaciones;renovations
renovación;renewal
renovado;renovated
renovar;renew
renovation;renewal
renovándola;renewing it
renovó;renewed
renta;rent
rentabilidad;cost effectiveness
rentabilizar;monetize
rentabl;profitable
rentable;profitable
rentar;rent
rentería;rentería
rentista;rentier
renueva;renew
renuncia;resignation
renunciar;give up
renuncien;resign
reorganización;reorganization
reorientar;redirect
repar;repair
reparaciones;repairs
reparación;repair
reparan;repair
reparar;repair
repararlo;repair it
reparo;repair
repartar;distribute
reparte;distribute
repartido;distributed
repartidor;delivery man
repartir;distribute
reparto;distribution
repasar;review
repaso;review
repatriar;repatriate
repechaje;repechage
repelar;repel
repensar;rethink
repensarla;rethink it
repentino;sudden
repercusión;repercussion
repercutar;reverberate
repercutir;reverberate
repertorio;repertoire
repetición;repetition
repetido;repeated
repetidor;repeater
repetir;repeat
repetirte;repeat yourself
repetirás;you will repeat
repetiré;i will repeat
repetitiva;repetitive
repetitivo;repetitive
repito;i repeat
replantado;replanted
replantar;replant
replanteamiento;rethinking
replantear;rethink
replantemo;lets rethink
replegar;retract
repleta;full
repleto;full
replica;replica
replicable;replicable
replicar;replicate
replico;i reply
repliegue;fold
repoblación;resettlement
repoblar;restock
reponer;replenish
report;report
reportaje;reportage
reportajes;reports
reportar;report
reporte;report
reportero;reporter
reporteros;reporters
reposabrazo;armrest
reposacabeza;headrest
reposicionamiento;repositioning
reposición;replacement
reposo;repose
repostaje;refueling
repostar;refuel
repostería;cake shop
repotenciar;repower
repowereu;repowereu
reprendiéndolo;scolding him
represa;dam
represalia;reprisal
represaliada;retaliated
representa;it represents
representación;representation
representado;represented
representamos;we represent
representante;representative
representantes;representatives
representar;represent
representativa;representative
representativo;representative
represente;represent
represento;i represent
represivo;repressive
represión;repression
reprimenda;reprimand
reprimida;repressed
reprimir yo;repress me
reprobable;reprehensible
reprobar;fail
reprochable;reprehensible
reprochar;reproach
reproche;reproach
reproducción;reproduction
reproducibl;reproducible
reproducible;reproducible
reproducir;play
reproductivo;reproductive
reprogramar;reschedule
repsol;repsol
republicano;republican
republicanos;republicans
repuesto;replacement
repugnancia;disgust
repunte;upturn
reputacional;reputational
reputación;reputation
reputada;reputed
reputado;reputed
reputation;reputation
repãºblica;republic
república;republic
requerido;required
requerimiento;request
requerimientos;requirements
requerimo;we require
requerir;require
request;request
requeír;require
requisito;requirement
resalta;highlights
resaltado;highlighted
resaltar;highlight
rescatamos;we rescue
rescatar;rescue
rescate;bailing out
research;research
resecar;resect
resentimiento;resentment
resentir;resent
reserva;booking
reservado;reserved
reservando;reserving
reservar;reserve
reservas;bookings
reserves;book
resetear;to reset
reseñable;remarkable
resf;resf
resfer;resfer
resguardar;guard
residence;residence
residencia;home
residencial;residential
residente;resident
residir;reside
residual;residual
residuo;residue
residuos;waste
resientir;resent
resignado;resigned
resignar;resign
resignificar;resignify
resilience;resilience
resiliencia;resilience
resilient;resilient
resiliente;resilient
resilientes;resilient
resinteír;resent
resista;resist
resistar;resist
resistencia;endurance
resistente;resistant
resistir;to resist
resistir yo;resist me
resistirtar;resist
resituar;relocate
reskilling;reskilling
resolución;resolution
resolver;solve
resolverlo;work it out
resonancia;resonance
resonar;resonate
resort;resort
resorte;spring
resorts;resorts
resourz;resources
respaldado;backed up
respaldar;support
respaldo;back
respaldos;backups
respect;respect
respectar;respect
respectivamente;respectively
respectivo;respective
respecto;regard
respeta;respect
respetado;respected
respetar;respect
respetir;respect
respeto;respect
respetuoso;respectful
respiración;breathing
respirar;breathe
respiratorio;respiratory
respire;breathe
respiro;respite
resplandeciente;resplendent
resplandecir;shine
respondan;answer
responder;answer
responderl;answer him
respondo;i answer
responsabilidad;responsibility
responsabilidazo;responsibility
responsability;responsibility
responsabilizar;hold accountable
responsable;responsible
responsablemente;responsibly
responsables;responsible
respuesta;response
rest;rest
resta;subtraction
restablecer;restore
restablecimiento;reinstatement
restante;remaining
restar;subtract
restaura;restores
restauración;restoration
restaurado;restored
restaurador;restorer
restauradora;restorer
restaurant;restaurant
restaurante;restaurant
restaurantes;restaurants
restaurants;restaurants
restaurar;restore
restañar;staunch
restir;rest
restitución;restitution
resto;rest
restricciones;restrictions
restricción;restriction
restrictivo;restrictive
restrieguir;scrub
restringe;restricts
restringido;restricted
restringir;to restrict
resu;result
resucitar;resurrect
resucite;revive
resuelir;resolve
resuelto;resolved
resuenir;resound
resultado;result
resultante;resulting
resultar;result
resumar;summarize
resumen;abstract
resumido;summarized
resumir;resume
resumiéndolo;summing it up
resumo;i summarize
resurgimiento;resurgence
resurgir;resurface
resurrección;resurrection
reta;challenges
retahíla;string
retail;retail
retailer;retailer
retailers;retailers
retamar;broom
retar;challenge
retazo;remnant
retención;retention
retener;to hold back
retenerlo;hold it
retenido;detained
reticencia;reluctance
reticent;reticent
reticente;reticent
retier;retier
retina;retina
retinoidir;retinoid
retinol;retinol
retirada;withdrawal
retirado;retired
retirar;withdraw
retirarir;withdraw
retirarno;retire
retire;withdraw
retiro;withdrawal
reto;challenge
retocada;retouched
retomar;return
retomir;resume
retorcido;twisted
retornar;return
retorno;return
retos;challenges
retractar;recant
retraer;retract
retransmisión;retransmission
retransmitir;relay
retrasar;to delay
retraso;delay
retrata;portrays
retratado;portrayed
retratar;to portray
retrato;portrait
retratos;pictures
retret;toilet
retrete;toilet
retribución;retribution
retribuido;gainful
retroalimentar;feed back
retroceder;back
retroceso;recoil
retrofitting;retrofitting
retroiluminación;backlight
retrospectiva;hindsight
retrotraer yo;roll back i
retrotrair;roll back
retrovisor;rearview
retrógrado;retrograde
retumbe;rumble
returned;returned
returns;returns
retórica;rhetoric
retóricar;rhetoric
reubicar;relocate
reumatoidir;rheumatoid
reumatología;rheumatology
reumatólogo;rheumatologist
reumática;rheumatic
reunido;gathered
reunir;meet
reunirã;gather
reunión;meeting
reurbanización;redevelopment
reus;reus
reusar;to reuse
reuso;reuse
reuter;reuter
reuters;reuters
reutilizabl;reusable
reutilizable;reusable
reutilización;reuse
reutilizado;reused
reutilizamos;we reuse
reutilizar;re-use
reutilizándola;reusing it
revalidar;revalidate
revalorización;revaluation
revalorizar;revalue
revamps;revamps
revelación;revelation
revelador;developer
revelan;reveal
revelar;to reveal
reveler;reveal
reventa;resale
reventado;busted
reventar;burst
revenue;income
rever;review
reverdecimiento;greening
reversibilidad;reversibility
reversibl;reversible
reversible;reversible
reversionar;revert
reversionista;reversionist
reverter;reverse
revertir;reverse
revertirer;reverse
revestido;clad
revestimiento;coating
revestir;coat
revictimización;revictimization
reviertar;reverse
revisado;reviewed
revisamos;we review
revisar;check
revisemo;lets check
revisión;revision
revista;magazine
revitalización;revitalization
revitalizar;revitalize
revive;revive
reviveir;revive
reviviendir;revive
revivier;revive
revivir;to revive
revolucionar;revolutionize
revolucionarias;revolutionary
revolucionario;revolutionary
revolució;revolutionized
revolución;revolution
revolut;revolt
revolution;revolution
revolvente;revolving
revue;revue
revuelo;stir
revuelta;revolt
reválida;revalidation
revés;reverse
rey;king
reyes;kings
reykjavik;reykjavik
reyna;queen
reynés;reynés
rez;rez
rezagado;lagging
rezago;lag
rezar;pray
rezo;i pray
reír;laugh
reñido;quarreled
reñir;quarrel
reñíar;quarrel
reúnir;meet
rfedi;rfedi
rfef;rfef
rfi;rfi
rfid;rfid
rhel;rhel
rhomberg;rhomberg
ria;estuary
riad;riad
rianxo;rianxo
riba;riba
ribadeo;ribadeo
ribas;ribas
ribaya;ribaya
ribeira;ribeira
ribera;riverbank
riboflavina;riboflavin
ribot;ribot
riboud;riboud
ribó;ribó
rica;delicious
ricardo;richard
ricci;ricci
ricciardi;ricciardi
ricciardo;ricciardo
rice;rice
rich;rich
richard;richard
richards;richards
richest;richest
richter;richter
rick;rick
rico;rich
ricotta;ricotta
rider;rider
riders;riders
ridículo;ridiculous
riechmann;riechman
riedijk;riedijk
riego;irrigation
riells;riells
rienda;rein
riera;laughed
riesgo;risk
riesgos;risks
riesgosa;risky
rift;rifting
right;right
rights;rights
rigidez;rigidity
rigoberta;rigoberta
rigor;rigor
rigurosa;rigorous
rigurosamente;rigorously
riguroso;rigorous
rijksmuseum;rijksmuseum
rinchen;rinchen
rincón;corner
rind;surrender
rindar;surrender
riohacha;riohacha
rioja;rioja
riojano;riojano
riqueza;wealth
riquísima;delicious
riquísimo;delicious
risa;laughter
riscal;riscal
rishi;rishi
rising;rising
riso;laugh
risotto;risotto
ristorante;restaurant
risueño;smiling
rita;rita
ritchie;ritchie
ritmo;swing
ritual;ritual
ritualización;ritualization
ritualizada;ritualized
ritualizar;ritualize
ritz;ritz
riu;riu
riudecanyes;riudecanyes
riudecols;riudecols
rival;rival
rivalidad;rivalry
rivas;rivas
riveiro;rivero
rivera;rivera
rizos;curls
riñonera;fanny pack
riñón;kidney
rmbs;rmbs
rmit;rmit
rn;rn
rnc;rnc
rne;rne
roa;roa
road;road
roadmap;road map
rob;rob
robado;stolen
robar;steal
robert;robert
roberto;robert
robertson;robertson
robinson;robinson
robl;roblox
roble;oak
robledo;oak grove
robledos;oak groves
robles;oak trees
robo;stole
roboadvisor;roboadvisor
robot;robot
robotizado;robotized
robusta;robust
robusto;robust
robótica;robotics
robóticar;roboticize
robótico;robotic
roca;stone
rocajunyent;rocajunyent
rocamora;rocamora
roce;touch
rocio;dew
rock;rock
rocketbrowsercompatibilitychecker;rocketbrowsercompatibilitychecker
rocketpreloadlinksconfig;rocketpreloadlinksconfig
rocks;rocks
rocky;rocky
rocío;dew
rodaballo;turbot
rodado;rolled
rodadura;rolling
rodaje;filming
rodalies;rodalies
rodar;roll
rodea;surrounds
rodeado;surrounded
rodear;surround
rodearno;surround us
rodeo;rodeo
rodica;rodica
rodilla;knee
rodillo;roller
rodio;rhodium
rodolfo;rodolfo
rodrigo;rodrigo
rodríguez;rodriguez
rodéate;surround yourself
rodés;rhodes
roedor;rodent
roger;roger
rogers;rogers
rohe;rohe
roi;roy
roig;roig
roigé;i roiged
roja;red
rojales;rojales
rojas;red
rojo;red
rol;role
rolando;rolling
roldán;roldan
rolex;rolex
rollers;rollers
rollerski;rollerski
roma;rome
romain;roman
roman;roman
romanillos;romanillos
romano;roman
romanticismo;romanticism
romeo;romeo
romeralo;romeralo
romero;rosemary
rompa;break
rompar;break
rompedorar;golden breaker
rompepista;track breaker
romper;break
romualdo;romulado
román;roman
romántico;romantic
ron;ron
ronald;ronald
ronaldo;ronaldo
ronda;round
rondar;haunt
rondeño;rondeño
rondir;prowl
ronqueo;snoring
ronquido;snore
roo;red
roof;roof
rooftop;rooftop
rookie;rookies
room;room
roomba;roomba
rooms;rooms
roots;roots
rop;clothes
ropa;clothing
ropar;clothes
roque;rock
roquetas;rocks
ros;ros
rosa;rose
rosada;pink
rosado;pink
rosalía;rosalia
rosanety;rosanety
rosario;rosary beads
rosell;rosell
rosenberg;rosenberg
roses;roses
rosetón;rosette
rosewood;rosewood
rosita;pinky
rosiña;pinkish
rosmery;rosemary
ross;ross
rosso;rosso
rostizado;roasted
rostro;face
rot;rot
rotar;rotate
rotativo;rotary
roto;broken
rotonda;roundabout
rotschild;rothschild
rotterdam;rotterdam
rotundamente;roundly
rotundo;resounding
rotura;rip
rough;rough
roulin;roulin
rousseff;rousseff
routers;routers
rover;rover
rowan;rowan
rowenta;rowenta
roy;roy
royal;royal
royano;royan
rozalén;rozalen
rozar;touch
rozas;rubs
rpet;rpet
rree;rree
rrii;rrii
rrms;rms
rrpp;rrpp
rs;rs
rsc;csr
rse;csr
rtve;rtve
ruanda;rwanda
ruano;roan
ruben;ruben
rubert;rubert
rubiales;rubiales
rubio;blond
rubricar;initial
rubén;reuben
ruch;ruch
rudimentario;rudimentary
rudin;rudin
rudolf;rudolph
rudrapur;rudrapur
rueda;wheel
rufo;rufous
rugby;rugby
rugosidad;rugosity
ruido;noise
ruidoso;noisy
ruina;ruin
ruinoso;ruinous
ruiz;ruiz
ruleta;roulette
rum;rum
rumania;romania
rumanía;romania
rumasa;rumasa
rumbao;rumbao
rumbo;course
rumiamo;we ruminate
rumiant;ruminant
rumor;rumor
rumorear;rumor
runa;rune
running;running
runrún;whir
rup;rup
rupert;rupert
rupestr;cave
ruptura;breaking off
rural;rural
rurales;rural
rus;rus
rushkoff;rushkoff
rushmore;rushmore
rusia;russia
ruso;russian
russell;russell
russia;russian
russo;russian
rustichello;rusticchello
rustioni;rustioni
ruta;route
rutar;route
rutas;routes
rutenio;ruthenium
ruth;ruth
rutina;routine
rutte;rutte
rutyina;rutyina
rutyna;rutyna
rutín;routine
ruíz;ruiz
rv;rv
rvcp;rvcp
rvcti;rvcti
rwe;rwe
rx;rx
ryan;ryan
ryanair;ryanair
rz;rz
ràdio;radio
ràfol;rafol
rábano;radish
rábida;rabid
ránking;ranking
rápida;fast
rápidamente;quickly
rápido;quick
rã;ra
ræburn;ræburn
récord;record
rédito;revenue
réfugiés;refugees
régimen;regime
réplica;replica
ría;estuary
rías;rias
ríe;laugh
rígido;rigid
río;river
ríos;rivers
rúcula;arugula
rússia;russia
rústico;rustic
sa;sa
saad;sad
saas;saas
saavedra;saavedra
saba;knew
sabadell;sabadell
sabadelliñaki;sabadelliñaki
sabana;bed sheet
sabaton;sabaton
sabem;we know
saber;to know
saberes;you know
saberi;i will know
sabiduría;wisdom
sabiendas;knowingly
sabina;sabina
sabine;sabine
sabio;wise
sabonis;sabonis
sabor;taste
saborear;savor
sabotaje;sabotage
sabotear;sabotage
sabri;sabri
sabrosa;tasty
sabroso;tasty
sabrás;you will know
sabré;i will know
sabéis;you know
sabías;did you know
saca;pulls out
sacado;taken out
sacamos;we take out
sacar;take
sacarno;get us out
sacaro;i will take out
sacarosa;saccharose
sacchi;sacchi
sace;take out
sacha;sasha
sachaber;sachaber
sachs;sachs
saciante;satiating
saciar;satiate
saciedad;satiety
saco;coat
sacra;sacral
sacralizar;sacralize
sacrificado;sacrificed
sacrificar;sacrifice
sacrificio;sacrifice
sacristán;sacristan
sacro;sacrum
sacudir;shake off
sacudir yo;shake me
sacudirno;shake us
saddle;saddle
sadev;sadev
sadiq;sadik
saf;saf
safari;safari
safe;safe
safety;security
saga;saga
sagastume;sagastume
sagra;sacred
sagrada;sacred
sagrado;sacred
sagrario;sanctuary
sagunto;sagunto
sahara;sahara
sahel;sahel
sahuquillo;sahuquillo
saica;saica
said;said
saidi;saidi
saif;saif
sail;sail
sailgp;sailgp
sainz;sainz
sainzde;sainzde
saito;saito
sakhir;sakhir
sakya;sakya
sal;salt
sala;living room
salad;salty
salada;salty
saladar;salt marsh
salado;salty
salah;salah
salamanca;salamanca
salar;to salt
salarial;wage
salario;salary
salazar;salazar
salazón;salting
salchicha;hot dog
salchitofu;sausagefu
saldain;saldain
saldar;pay off
saldaña;saldana
saldir;go out
saldo;balance
saldré;i will go out
saleh;saleh
salem;salem
sales;you go out
salesas;salesas
salesforce;salesforce
salgar;get out
salgo;i go out
salguero;salguero
salida;exit
salido;stepped out
saliente;outgoing
salimos;we went out
salinas;salinas
salinidad;salinity
salinización;salinization
salir;leave
salirno;get out
salivar;salivate
salió;he left
salle;come out
salles;halls
sally;sally
salma;salma
salmon;salmon
salmonelosi;salmonella
salmonete;red mullet
salmorejo;salmorejo
salmuera;brine
salmón;salmon
salmónido;salmonid
salnés;salnanese
salon;lounge
salpicadero;dashboard
salpicado;splattered
salpicadura;splatter
salpicar;splash out
salsa;sauce
salso;sauce
salta;jump
saltamont;grasshopper
saltar;skip
salteada;stir fry
salteado;stir fry
saltir;jump
salto;jump
saltándote;skipping you
salud;health
saludable;healthy
saludar;say hi
saludes;cheers
saludo;greeting
saludos;cheers
salva;save
salvación;salvation
salvador;savior
salvaguarda;safeguard
salvaguardar;safeguard
salvaguardia;safeguard
salvaje;wild
salvar;save
salvar yo;save me
salvarsar;salvarar
salvatierra;salvatierra
salvavidas;life jacket
salvedad;disclaimer
salvemos;lets save
salveque;salveque
salver;save
salvia;sage
salvir;save
salvo;except
salzburgo;salzburg
salí;i left
salín;salon
salón;living room
sam;sam
samanez;samanez
samantha;samantha
samar;samar
samaranch;samaranch
samba;samba
same;same
sameh;sameh
samira;samira
samoano;samoan
samper;samper
samsung;samsung
samy;sammy
samósata;samosata
san;saint
sanaa;healthy
sanar;heal
sanatorio;sanatorium
sanchis;sanchis
sancionado;penalized
sancionador;sanctioning
sancionar;sanction
sancionir;sanction
sanción;sanction
sand;sand
sandel;sandel
sandoval;sandoval
sandra;sandra
sandre;sandra
sandwichera;sandwich maker
sandía;watermelon
saneamiento;sanitation
sanet;sanet
sanfi;sanfi
sanger;sanger
sangre;blood
sangriento;bloody
sanguíneo;sanguine
sanidad;health
sanitario;sanitary
sanitas;sanitas
sanjuán;san juan
sanlúcar;sanlucar
sano;healthy
sanodelucas;sanodelucas
sansigre;sansigre
sant;saint
santa;holy
santana;santana
santander;santander
santanderprensa;santanderpress
santayana;santayana
santi;holy
santiago;santiago
santidad;holiness
santillana;santillana
santillán;santillan
santo;holy
santomà;santoma
santos;saints
santoyo;santoyo
santsenca;santsenca
santuario;sanctuary
sanz;sanz
saná;fury
sao;sao
sap;sap
sapiència;sapience
sapristi;sapristi
saqqez;saqqez
saque;take out
saqueado;looted
saquir;sakir
sara;sarah
sarabia;sarabia
saracho;saracho
saragosa;saragosa
sarajevo;sarajevo
sarampión;measles
saranova;saranova
sarayaku;sarayaku
sardina;sardine
sariñena;sariñena
sarkozy;sarkozy
sarmiento;sarmiento
sarraceno;saracen
sarria;sarria
sarrià;sarria
sarroca;sarroca
sartenes;pans
sartén;skillet
sas;sas
sasb;sasb
sashimi;sashimi
sasi;sasi
sastrería;tailor shop
satanizar;demonize
satelital;satellite
satinado;satin
satisfacción;satisfaction
satisfacer;satisfy
satisfactoriamente;satisfactorily
satisfactorio;satisfying
satisfagar;satisfy
satisfecho;satisfied
satisfyer;satisfyer
satlantis;satlantis
satorre;satorre
saturación;saturation
saturada;saturated
saturado;crowded
saturar;saturate
saturir;saturate
saturn;saturn
saturno;saturn
satélite;satelite
sauber;sauber
saucedo;willow
saud;health
saudita;saudi
saudí;saudi
saure;saure
savage;savage
save;save
savia;sap
saving;saving
sax;sax
saïd;said
saúl;saul
sbic;sbic
sbs;sbs
sc;sc
scale;scale
scaleup;scaleup
scaleups;scaleups
scalextric;scalextric
scalextrics;scalextrics
scaling;scaling
scalir;climb
scandinavian;scandinavian
scarlett;scarlett
scarpa;scarpa
scc;scc
sceneswitch;sceneswitch
schema;schema
scheme;scheme
schmidt;schmidt
schmitt;schmitt
schnaider;schnaider
schneyder;schneyder
scholarships;scholarships
scholz;scholz
school;schools
schools;schools
schoonschip;schoonschip
schreier;schreier
schroderus;schroderus
schulman;schulman
schumacher;schumacher
schuster;schuster
schwabe;schwabe
science;science
scientifica;scientist
scientist;scientist
scioli;scioli
scirocco;scirocco
sciurano;sciurano
scooter;scooter
scooters;scooter
scotland;scotland
scott;scott
scouting;scouting
scrabble;scrabble
scripting;scripting
scs;scs
scuderia;scuderia
scully;scully
scénic;scenic
sdgs;sdgs
sdk;sdk
sdv;sdv
sea;be
seably;seably
seals;seals
seam;seam
search;search
searchinger;searchinger
seas;be
seat;seat
sebastian;sebastian
sebastián;sebastian
sebd;sebd
sec;sec
secador;dryer
secano;dry land
secar;dry off
secas;dry
seccional;sectional
sección;section
seco;dry
secondary;secondary
secretacer;secrete
secretaria;secretary
secretario;secretary
secretaría;secretary
secreto;secret
section;section
sections;sections
sector;sector
sectores;sectors
sectorial;sectorial
secuela;sequel
secuencia;sequence
secuenciación;sequencing
secuenciado;sequenced
secuestra;kidnaps
secuestrir;kidnap
secuestro;kidnapping
secundar;second
secundaria;secondary
secundario;secondary
secuoya;sequoia
secured;secured
securir;secure
securities;securities
security;security
sed;thirst
seda;silk
sedano;sedan
sede;campus
sedentario;sedentary
sedición;sedition
sedimento;sediment
sedir;thirst
seducir;seduce
sedán;sedan
see;see
seetrue;seetrue
segarra;segarra
segittur;segittur
segmentación;segmentation
segmentada;segmented
segmentado;segmented
segmento;segment
segments;segments
segovia;segovia
segoviano;segovian
segregación;segregation
seguida;followed
seguidamente;next
seguido;following
seguidoincrementar;followedincrease
seguidor;follower
seguidora;follower
seguimiento;tracing
seguir;continue
seguirla;follow her
segundo;second
segura;safe
seguramente;surely
segurdad;security
seguridad;security
seguro;sure
seguros;insurance
seguí;i followed
seguís;you follow
segãºn;according to
sehir;sehir
seif;seif
seij;seikh
seikan;seikan
seisciento;six hundred
sejima;sejima
selecciona;choose
seleccionado;selected
seleccionador;selector
seleccionar;select
selección;selection
selecta;select
selection;selection
selectivo;selective
selecto;select
selector;selector
selene;selena
selenio;selenium
selfi;selfie
selic;selic
sella;seal
sellado;sealed
sellador;sealant
sellar;seal
sellita;little seal
sello;stamp
sellos;seals
selva;jungle
semana;week
semanal;weekly
semanalmente;weekly
semarnat;semarnat
semblanza;semblance
sembrando;sowing
sembrar;sow
semejante;similar
semejar;resemble
semental;stallion
semestral;biannual
semestre;semester
semi;semi
semiautomatizado;semi-automated
semiconductor;semiconductor
semiconserva;semi-preserved
semicrudo;semi-raw
semidesértico;semi-desert
semifinal;semifinal
semilibre;semi-free
semilla;seed
semilíquida;semi-liquid
seminario;seminar
semipeatonal;semi-pedestrian
semisótano;basement
semiélite;semi-elite
sena;sign
senado;senate
senador;senator
senadora;senator
sencilla;simple
sencillamente;simply
sencillo;easy
sencillos;simple
senda;track
sendai;sendai
senderista;hiker
sendero;path
sendos;each
sendra;sendra
senegal;senegal
senegalés;senegalese
sener;feel
senija;senija
senior;senior
seno;breast
sensacional;sensational
sensaciones;sensations
sensación;sensation
sensatez;sanity
sensatir;feel
sensei;sensei
sensibilidad;sensitivity
sensibilización;sensitization
sensibilizado;sensitized
sensibilizar;sensitize
sensible;sensitive
sensiblemente;noticeably
sensibles;sensitive
sensitive;sensitive
sensitivo;sensible
sensor;sensor
sensora;sensory
sensores;sensors
sensorial;sensory
sensory;sensory
sentado;seated
sentar;sit
sentarer;sit down
sentencia;judgment
sentenciar;sentence
sentido;sense
sentimental;sentimental
sentimiento;feeling
sentir;feel
sentir yo;feel me
sentirse;feel
sentirte;feel you
seo;seo
seoane;seoane
seopan;seopan
seopress;seopress
sepa;know
separación;separation
separado;separate
separar;pull apart
separarse;break away
separatista;separatist
separir;separate
sepia;sepia
sepiia;cuttlefish
september;september
septenio;seven-year
septentrional;northern
septiembre;september
sepultar;bury
sepúlveda;sepulveda
sequedad;dryness
sequeira;drought
sequía;drought
ser;be
serafeim;serafeim
serbia;serbia
serbio;serbian
seregni;seregni
seregnista;serenist
serengueti;serengeti
serenidad;serenity
serentil;serentile
serer;serer
seres;beings
sergey;sergey
sergi;sergi
sergio;sergio
seriado;serial
seriamente;seriously
serie;serie
seriedad;seriousness
series;series
serio;i laughed
seripafer;seripafer
serlo;to be
sermas;be more
sermón;sermon
serna;serna
serra;serra
serrana;serrana
serrano;highlander
serranía;mountain range
serrat;serrat
serrería;sawmill
serrán;will be
serrín;sawdust
sert;sert
serve;serve
servel;servant
service;services
services;services
servicial;helpful
servicio;service
servicios;services
servida;served
servido;served
servidor;server
servidumbre;servitude
servil;servile
serviland;serviland
servilleta;napkin
servimedia;servimedia
servir;serve
servir tú;serve you
servir yo;serve me
servirl;serve him
servirla;serve her
servirno;serve us
serã;it will be
seríar;seriate
sesenta;sixty
sesgada;biased
sesgado;biased
sesgar;skew
sesgo;bias
sesionesap;sessionsap
sesión;session
sesé;sesé
set;set
seta;mushroom
setas;mushrooms
setenta;seventy
sethi;sethi
settier;settier
setting;settings
seu;his
seuvale;worth it
seven;seven
severamente;severely
severidad;severity
severo;severe
sevilla;seville
sevillano;sevillan
sexenio;six-year term
sexi;sexy
sexo;sex
sexogenérica;gendergeneric
sexta;sixth
sexteto;sextet
sexto;sixth
sextoretiro;sextretirement
sexual;sexual
sexualidad;sexuality
sezamo;sezamo
seña;sign
señal;sign
señalada;marked
señalado;indicated
señalando;pointing out
señalar;point
señalizada;signposted
señalizado;signposted
señero;signpost
señor;mister
señora;mrs
señorial;manorial
señuelo;lure
seúl;seoul
sfc;sfc
sfdr;sfdr
sg;sg
shad;shadow
sham;sham
shanghai;shanghai
shape;shapes
shard;shard
share;compartir
shared;shared
sharif;sharif
sharing;sharing
sharkguard;sharkguard
sharm;sharm
sharma;sharma
shayne;shayne
shcp;shcp
sheen;sheen
shehbaz;shehbaz
sheij;sheikh
sheik;sheikh
sheikh;sheikh
sheila;sheila
shell;shell
shenzhen;shenzhen
sheraton;sheraton
sheriff;sheriff
sherry;sherry
shibam;shibam
shiitake;shiitake
shimabukuro;shimabukuro
shimunov;shimunov
shine;shine
shinrin;shinrin
shipping;shipping
shock;shock
shocks;shocks
shoes;shoes
shoot;shoot
shopper;shopper
shopping;shopping
shoukry;shukry
show;show
showcase;showcase
showcases;showcases
shown;shown
showroom;showroom
showroomprivé;showroomprivé
shrfsp;shrfsp
shrim;shrim
shrimpbox;shrimpbox
shriver;shriver
shuri;shuri
shutterstock;shutterstock
shûichi;shuichi
sibarita;sybarite
siberia;siberia
sic;sic
sica;physical
sicav;sicav
sicilia;sicily
siciliani;siciliani
sida;aids
sideral;sidereal
siderúrgico;steelmaker
siembra;sowing
siemens;siemens
sienta;feel
siente;feel
sierra;saw
sierras;saws
sierre;saw
siesta;nap
sigar;follow
sigfrido;siegfried
sightseeing;sightseeing
sigla;initials
siglo;century
signado;signed
signaled;signaled
signals;signals
signatario;signatory
signature;signature
significación;significance
significado;meaning
significancia;significance
significante;significant
significar;to mean
significativamente;significantly
significativo;significant
signir;signir
signo;sign
signus;signus
sigo;i follow
sigrid;sigrid
sigu;follow
sigue;follow
siguiente;next
siguierar;continue
siguiero;i will continue
siguiser;follow
sigüenza;next
sika;sika
sil;sil
silence;silence
silenci;silence
silenciar;mute
silencio;silence
silenciosa;silent
silencioso;silent
silicon;silicone
silicona;silicone
silken;silken
silla;chair
silma;silma
silo;silo
siloé;siloam
silr;silver
silueta;silhouette
siluetas;silhouettes
silva;silva
silverstone;silverstone
silvestr;wild
silvestre;wild
silvia;silvia
silvicultura;forestry
silvicutura;forestry
sim;yeah
sima;chasm
simbiosis;symbiosis
simbiótico;symbiotic
simbolismo;symbolism
simbolizar;symbolize
simbología;symbology
simbólico;symbolic
similar;similary
similiar;similary
similitud;similarity
simoes;simoes
simon;simon
simone;simone
simorra;simorra
simpatizante;sympathizer
simple;simple
simplemente;simply
simplicidad;simplicity
simplificación;simplification
simplificada;simplified
simplificar;simplify
simplificir;simplify
simplifico;i simplify
simplistar;simplify
simply;simply
simposio;symposium
simulación;simulation
simulador;simulator
simular;simulate
simultanear;concurrent
simultaneous;simultaneously
simultáneamente;simultaneously
simultáneo;simultaneous
simyo;simyo
simétrica;symmetric
simón;simon
sinaloa;sinaloa
sincelejo;sincelejo
sinceramente;to be honest
sinceridad;sincerity
sincero;sincere
sinchi;sinchi
sincronizar;sync up
sindical;union
sindicalismo;syndicalism
sindicar;syndicate
sindicato;labor union
sinergia;synergy
sinfín;endless
sinfónica;symphony
singapur;singapore
singh;singh
single;single
singular;singular
singularidad;singularity
singularity;singularity
singularmente;singularly
sinhue;sinhue
siniestro;sinister
sinner;sinner
sinnúmero;without number
sinsentido;without sense
sintaxis;syntax
sintetizado;synthesized
sintetizar;synthesize
sintient;sentient
sintiente;sentient
sintiéndome;feeling me
sintonizando;tuning in
sintonía;tune
sintético;synthetic
sinusoidal;sinusoidal
sinónimo;synonymous
sinónir;synonymous
sipa;yes dad
siquiera;even
sir;sir
sirena;siren
sirenis;mermaids
siri;siri
sirt;sirt
sirtaki;sirtaki
sirtuína;sirtuin
siscar;siscar
sistema;system
sistemas;systems
sistematización;systematization
sistematizado;systematized
sistemáticamente;systematically
sistemático;systematic
sistémica;systemic
sistémico;systemic
site;if you
sitio;place
sitios;sites
sitir;besiege
sito;site
sitopía;sitopia
situ;if you
situación;situation
situado;lying
situar;place
situarno;situarno
situation;condition
situtación;situation
sitúar;place
sivila;sivila
sjögren;sjögren
skarveli;skarveli
skate;skateboarding
skeleton;skeleton
sketch;sketch
skift;skift
skills;skills
skinglide;skinglide
skinny;skinny
skipsteknisk;skipsteknisk
skoda;skoda
skool;school
sky;sky
skyline;skyline
skyscanner;skyscanner
sl;sl
slack;slack
slafti;slafty
slam;slam
slate;slate
slatebook;slatebook
slim;slim
sloan;sloan
slobodan;slobodan
slow;slow
sls;sls
sm;ye
smaaart;smaart
small;small
smart;smart
smartbank;smart bank
smartheal;smart heal
smartphone;smartphone
smartphones;smartphones
smartphonesla;smartphonesla
smartphonir;smartphone
smartphón;smartphone
smartwatch;smart watch
smi;smi
smith;smith
snacks;snacks
snapdragon;snapdragon
sneaker;sneakers
sneakers;sneakers
snif;sniff
snippet;snippets
snp;snp
so;sw
sobe;about
sobejano;subordinate
soberanista;sovereignist
soberano;sovereign
soberanía;sovereignty
soberbio;superb
sobiranía;sovereignty
sobirà;sobirà
soborno;bribery
sobrante;spare
sobrar;to spare
sobrasado;sobrasado
sobreabundancia;overabundance
sobrealimentada;supercharged
sobrealimentado;supercharged
sobrecalentamiento;overheating
sobrecapacidad;overcapacity
sobrecarga;overload
sobrecargado;overloaded
sobrecargar;overburden
sobrecoste;overrun
sobredosis;overdose
sobreestimular;overstimulate
sobreexplotación;overexploitation
sobreexplotada;overexploited
sobreexplotado;overexploited
sobreexplotir;overuse
sobreideologización;over-ideologization
sobrellevar;endure
sobremesa;desktop
sobrenatural;supernatural
sobrenombre;nickname
sobrepasar;exceed
sobrepesca;overfishing
sobrepeso;overweight
sobrepoblación;overpopulation
sobreponer;superimpose
sobrero;hat
sobresaliente;outstanding
sobresalir;standing out
sobresalto;shock
sobreseimiento;dismissal
sobretasa;surcharge
sobretodo;especially
sobrevalorado;overrated
sobrevenido;ensued
sobreviir;survive
sobrevivir;survive
sobrevoló;overflew
sobriedad;sobriety
sobrina;niece
sobrini;nephew
sobrino;nephew
sobrio;sober
soc;soc
socava;undermines
socavar;undermine
socavo;undermine
sochi;sochi
soci;partner
socia;partner
sociabilidad;sociability
sociabilizar;socialize
social;social
socialcar;social car
socialdemocracia;social democracy
socialdemócrata;social democrat
sociales;social
socialicir;socialize
socialismo;socialism
socialista;socialist
socialización;socialization
socialmente;socially
sociedad;society
sociedades;societies
society;society
socio;partner
socioambiental;socio-environmental
sociocultural;sociocultural
socioecológica;socioecological
socioeconómico;socioeconomic
sociolaboral;socio-labour
sociológicas;sociological
sociopatía;sociopathy
sociopolítico;sociopolitical
socios;partners
sociosanitario;sociosanitary
socióloga;sociologist
socloz;socloz
socorrer;help
socorrido;rescued
socorro;help
socà;soca
sodercan;sodercan
sodio;sodium
sodré;sodré
sofia;sofia
sofisticación;sophistication
sofisticado;sophisticated
sofisticar;sophisticate
sofocado;stifled
sofrito;stir fry
sofríe;sofry
soft;soft
softlanding;soft landing
software;software
sofía;sofia
soga;rope
soho;soho
soib;soib
soja;soy
sojar;sob
sojo;sojo
sol;sun
solana;solarium
solano;sunny
solapar;overlap
solar;solar
solars;solar
solastalgia;solastalgia
soldado;soldier
soldadura;welding
soldevila;soldevila
soleado;sunny
soledad;loneliness
soler;to usually do
solera;solera
solicitado;required
solicitant;applicant
solicitante;applicant
solicitar;apply for
solicitud;request
solicitándose;requesting
solida;solid
solidança;solidarity
solidaria;solidarity
solidaridad;solidarity
solidario;solidary
solidarios;solidarity
solidarizarno;solidarity
solidez;solidity
solidificar;solidify
soliss;soliss
solitaria;lonely
solitario;lonely
solla;plaice
sollo;pike
sololuze;justlight
solomillo;sirloin
soltar;release
soltera;single
soluciona;solution to
solucionador;solver
solucionar;sort out
solucionarlo;fix it
soluciones;solutions
solucionismo;solutionism
solución;solution
solutions;solutions
solvencia;solvency
solventar;solve
solvente;solvent
solà;alone
solán;solan
solís;solís
somalia;somalia
somber;hat
sombra;shade
sombreadero;shader
sombreado;shading
sombrear;shade
sombrero;hat
sombreros;hats
sombrilla;parasol
sombrío;gloomy
someter;submit
someterla;subdue her
sometido;subjected
somnoliento;sleepy
sonado;dreamed of
sonali;sonali
sonar;dream
sonda;probe
sondeo;probe
sondo;sounding
sonia;sonia
sonido;sound
sonnenholzner;sonnenholzner
sonora;sonorous
sonoro;sonorous
sonrient;smiling
sonriente;smiling
sonrisa;smile
sonrisas;smiles
sonrojante;blushing
sonrojarir;blush
sonseca;soundless
sonsoles;sonsoles
sony;sony
sonya;sonya
soo;soo
sopa;soup
sope;sope
sopesar;balance
sophie;sophie
sophos;sophos
soplar;blow
soplete;blowtorch
soportado;supported
soportar;put up with
soporte;support
soprano;soprano
soraya;soraya
sorbete;sorbet
sordo;deaf
soria;soria
soriana;soriana
soriano;soriano
sorolla;sorolla
soros;soros
sorprendent;amazing
sorprendente;amazing
sorprendentemente;surprisingly
sorprender;to surprise
sorprendido;surprised
sorpresa;surprise
sorpresivo;surprising
sortear;raffle
sortearla;get around it
sorteo;lottery
sortillo;sortillo
sos;you are
sosa;bland
sosegar;appease
soslayar;sidestep
soslayarlas;ignore them
soslayo;sideways
sospecha;suspicion
sospechamos;we suspect
sospechar;suspect
sospecho;suspect
sospechoso;suspicious
sostener;hold
sostenerlo;hold it up
sostenibiliad;sustainability
sostenibilidad;sustainability
sostenibir;sustain
sostenibl;sustainable
sostenible;sustainable
sosteniblemente;sustainably
sostenibles;sustainable
sosteniblidad;sustainability
sostenida;sustained
sostenido;sustained
sosteniéndolo;holding it
sostén;support
soterramiento;burying
soterrar;bury
sotillo;sotillo
soto;copse
sotol;sotol
souchong;souchong
source;source
sousa;sousa
south;south
southern;southern
southgate;southgate
souza;souza
soviet;soviet
sovieticus ;sovieticus
soviètic;soviet
soviética;soviet
soviético;soviet
soyinka;soyinka
soñabas;you dreamed
soñado;dreamed of
soñador;dreamer
soñar;sound
soñó;dreamed
sp;sp
spa;spa
spaak;spaak
spacex;spacex
spain;spain
spainmedia;spainmedia
spainsnow;spainsnow
spanish;spanish
spartak;spartak
spartakiadas;spartakiadas
spas;spas
speak;speak
speaker;speaker
speakers;speakers
special;special
spectrotec;spectrotec
speed;speed
speroni;speroni
spin;spin
spiral;spiral
spirit;spirit
spoke;spoke
sponsor;sponsor
sport;sport
sportage;sportage
sporting;sporting
sportplex;sportsplex
spot;spots
spotify;spotify
spotlight;spot light
spp;spp
springer;springer
springfield;springfield
springs;springs
sprint;sprint
spyres;spyres
square;square
squok;squok
sre;mr
srebrenica;srebrenica
sri;sri
sriracha;sriracha
srpska;srpska
ssv;ssv
st;st
stack;stack
stadium;stadium
staehli;staehli
staff;staff
stag;stag
stage;stages
stairway;staircase
stakeholder;stakeholder
stakeholders;stakeholders
stalin;stalin
stand;booth
stanford;stanford
stanley;stanley
staphylococcus;staphylococcus
star;star
start;start
start ;start
startapero;startapero
startup;startup
startups;startups
startups ;startups
starve;starve
stat;stat
station;station
stations;stations
stato;state
statu;status
status;status
staunæs;staunaes
staxy;stacy
steak;steak
steam;steam
steel;steel
stefan;stefan
stefani;stefani
stefania;stefania
stefano;stefano
stegenga;stegenga
stellantis;stellantis
stem;stem
stephanie;stephanie
steps;steps
steve;steve
steven;steven
stewardship;stewardship
stewart;stewart
stickybacktotop;stickybacktotop
stickyelements;stickyelements
stickynavbar;stickynavbar
stickysidebar;sticky sidebar
stiell;stiel
stiglitz;stiglitz
still;still
stipe;stipe
stock;stock
stocks;stocks
stoltenberg;stoltenberg
stop;stop
storar;store
store;store
stori;stories
stories;stories
storms;storms
story;story
stoschek;stoschek
strategic;strategic
strategist;strategist
strategy;strategy
streak;streak
stream;streaming
streamer;streamer
streaming;streaming
street;street
streetwear;streetwear
streetxo;streetxo
stroll;stroll
strupczewski;strupczewski
stuckert;stuckert
studies;studies
studio;study
studios;studies
study;study
stéfano;stefano
stéphane;stephane
støre;store
suances;suances
suave;smooth
suavecito;softly
suavemente;gently
suavidad;smoothness
suavizar;smooth
suba;go up
subacuático;underwater
subalimentada;malnourished
subalimentado;malnourished
subalterna;subaltern
subalterno;junior
subapartado;subsection
subasta;auction
subcampeonato;runner-up
subcampeón;runner-up
subcomisión;subcommittee
subdelegada;subdelegate
subdelegado;subdelegate
subdesarrollo;underdevelopment
subdirector;vice principal
subdirectora;deputy director
subdividido;subdivided
subestación;substation
subgobernador;deputy governor
subida;rise
subido;uploaded
subiesir;go up
subinspección;sub-inspection
subir;go up
subirats;subarats
subirla;upload it
subjetividad;subjectivity
subjetivo;subjective
sublim;sublime
subliminal;subliminal
submarina;underwater
submarinismo;scuba diving
submarino;submarine
subnacional;subnational
subo;i go up
subordinación;subordination
subordinado;subordinate
subproducto;by-product
subraya;underlines
subrayado;underlined
subrayan;underline
subrayar;underline
subregión;subregion
subsahariana;sub-saharan
subsaharianar;sub-saharan
subsaharián;sub-saharan
subsanación;rectification
subsanar;correct
subscribe;subscribe
subsección;subsection
subsecretario;undersecretary
subsector;subsector
subsidiado;subsidized
subsidiar;subsidize
subsidio;subsidy
subsiguient;subsequent
subsistema;subsystem
subsistencia;subsistence
subsistir;subsist
substack;stack
substituir;substitute
subsuelo;subsoil
subterráneo;underground
subtropical;subtropical
subtítulo;caption
suburbano;suburban
suburbio;suburb
subutilizada;underutilized
subutilizado;underutilized
subvencionado;subsidized
subvencionar;subsidize
subvenciones;grants
subvención;grant
subversivo;subversive
subwoofer;subwoofer
subyacente;underlying
succiona;sucks
succión;suction
suceder;happen
sucedáneo;substitute
sucesivamente;successively
sucesivo;successive
sucesión;succession
suceso;event
sucesor;successor
sucesora;successor
sucesso;success
such;such
sucias;dirty
suciedad;dirt
sucio;dirty
suculento;succulent
sucursal;branch office
sudadera;hoodie
sudafricano;south african
sudamericano;south american
sudamérica;south america
sudeste;southeast
sudor;sweat
sudoriental;southeast
sudáfrica;south africa
sudán;sudan
sue;sue
sueca;swedish
suecia;sweden
sueco;swedish
sueif;sueif
suela;sole
suelar;ground
sueldo;salary
suella;his her
suelo;i usually
suelos;floors
suelta;loose
suelto;loose
suena;sounds
suenir;sound
suerte;luck
suevale;suevale
sueñe;dream
sueño;sleep
sueños;dreams
suficiencia;sufficiency
suficiente;enough
suficientemente;enough
sufr;suffered
sufrido;suffered
sufridor;sufferer
sufrimiento;suffering
sufrir;suffer
sufro;i suffer
sugerencia;suggestion
sugerido;suggested
sugerir;suggest
suicida;suicide
suicidio;suicide
suite;suite room
suito;suit
suiza;switzerland
suizo;swiss
sujeción;subjection
sujetar;hold
sujeto;subject
sulfonamida;sulfonamide
sulfuro;sulfide
sulfúrico;sulfuric
sullam;sullam
sullivan;sullivan
suma;addition
sumado;added
sumamente;extremely
sumar;add
sumar yo;add me
sumerge;dips
sumergido;submerged
sumergir;immerse
sumidero;sink
sumideros;sinkholes
sumido;plunged
sumiller;sommelier
sumillería;sommelier
suministrado;supplied
suministrador;supplier
suministran;supply
suministrar;supply
suministrir;supply
suministro;supply
suministros;supplies
sumir;plunge
summary;summary
summer;summer
summit;summit
summits;summits
sumo;sumo
sun;sun
sunak;sunak
suncine;suncine
sunita;sunni
sunlife;sunlife
sunní;sunni
suntory;suntory
suntuaria;sumptuary
suní;sunni
super;super
superabl;superabl
superación;overcoming
superado;overcome
superalimento;superfood
superalimentos;superfoods
superar;live through
superarlo;get over it
superbikes;superbike
supercargadores;superchargers
superciclo;supercycle
supercomputación;supercomputing
supercomputador;supercomputer
supercomputadora;supercomputer
superconsejero;super advisor
supercopa;super cup
superdiversidad;super diversity
superespecialización;superspecialization
superficial;superficial
superficialidad;superficiality
superficie;surface
superfluas;superfluous
superfluo;superfluous
superheroína;superheroine
superhéroe;super hero
superior;higher
superioridad;superiority
superliga;super league
supermercado;supermarket
superplató;super set
superpoblación;overpopulation
superpoder;superpower
superponer;overlap
superposición;overlap
superpotencia;superpower
superproducción;overproduction
superpuesta;overlapping
superrentable;super profitable
superrápida;super fast
supersticioso;superstitious
supersónico;supersonic
superurgente;super urgent
supervendido;bestseller
supervisado;supervised
supervisar;supervise
supervisión;supervision
supervisor;supervisor
supervisors;supervisors
supervivencia;survival
superviviente;survivor
superárir;overcome
superávit;surplus
suplantación;impersonation
suplantada;impersonated
suplantador;impersonator
suplantar;supplant
suplemento;supplement
suplementos;supplements
suplir;supply
supondrir;suppose
suponer;suppose
supr;delete
supranacional;supranational
supremacista;supremacist
supreme;supreme
supremo;supreme
supresión;suppression
suprimir;suppress
supuestamente;supposedly
supuesto;supposed
sur;south
surcar;furrow
surcoreano;south korean
sureste;southeast
surf;surf
surfear;to surf
surfista;surfer
surge;arises
surgen;arise
surgencia;upwelling
surgida;arisen
surgido;emerged
surgimiento;emergence
surgir;arise
surinam;surinam
suroeste;southwest
surplus;surplus
surtir;supply
surui;surui
suruí;suruí
survey;survey
survival;survival
susan;susan
susana;suzanne
susceptible;susceptible
suscitar;arouse
suscribe;subscribe
suscribete;subscribe
suscribir;subscribe
suscribirme;subscribe me
suscribirno;subscribeno
suscribirtar;subscribe
suscribirte;subscribe
suscribirtir;subscribe
suscripciones;subscriptions
suscripción;subscription
suscriptor;subscriber
suscriptora;subscriber
suscrito;subscribed
suscríbete;subscribe
suscríbetir;subscribe
sushi;sushi
sushiman;sushi man
susi;susi
suspender;lay off
suspenderemos;we will suspend
suspendido;discontinued
suspense;suspense
suspensión;suspension
suspenso;suspense
suspicacia;suspicion
suspiro;sigh
sussex;sussex
sustag;noun
sustainability;sustainability
sustainable;sustainable
sustainabledevelopment;sustainable development
sustancia;substance
sustanciado;substantiated
sustancial;substantial
sustancialmente;substantially
sustantivamente;substantively
sustantivo;noun
sustentabilidad;sustainability
sustentabl;sustainable
sustentable;sustainable
sustentado;sustained
sustentar;sustain
sustentarno;support us
sustento;support
sustitución;substitution
sustituido;substituted
sustituir;replace
sustituirlo;replace it
sustitutiva;substitute
sustitutivo;substitute
sustituto;substitute
susto;scare
sustrato;substratum
susurrada;whispered
susurro;whisper
susurrándol;whispering to him
sutil;subtle
sutura;suture
suv;suv
suvs;suvs
suwaidi;suwaidi
suzuki;suzuki
suárez;suarez
svetlana;svetlana
swanson;swanson
swarovski;swarovski
sweataway;sweataway
sweet;sweet
swift;swift
swing;swing
swisher;swisher
swiss;swiss
switch;switch
sydney;sydney
sync;sync
synnex;synnex
synthetic;synthetic
system;system
systems;systems
sábado;saturday
sábados;saturdays
sábat;sabbath
sáenz;saenz
sáiz;saiz
sánchez;sanchez
sánchezdiego;sanchezdiego
sándwich;sandwich
sátira;satire
são;sao
sébastien;sebastien
séneca;seneca
sénior;senior
séntisis;synthesis
séptico;septic
séptimo;seventh
séquito;entourage
sérum;serum
sésamo;sesame
sésamoo;sesame
sídney;sydney
sígano;if i win
síguelo;follow him
sígueno;follow us
síguenos;follow us
sílice;silica
símbolo;symbol
síndrome;syndrome
síntesi;synthesis
síntesis;synthesis
síntoma;symptom
sísifo;sisyphus
sísmica;seismic
sísmico;seismic
sólido;solid
sótano;basement
súbdito;subject
súbito;sudden
súmelir;sumelir
súper;super
tab;tab
tabacalera;tobacco company
tabaco;tobacco
tabaiba;tabaiba
tabarca;tabarca
tabaré;tabare
taberna;tavern
tabernas;taverns
tabernero;innkeeper
tabiqu;partition
tabla;table
tablar;board
tablero;board
tablet;tablets
tableta;tablet
tablets;tablets
taborda;taborada
taburet;stool
tabú;taboo
tabúes;taboos
tachles;tachles
taco;taco
tacto;touch
tacueyó;tacueyó
tacón;heel
tae;tae
tag;tag
tagle;tagle
tagomago;tagomago
tags;tags
taherkenareh;taherkenareh
tahini;tahini
tai;tai
taiana;taiana
tailandeses;thai
tailandia;thailand
tailandés;thai
taimado;devious
taiwan;taiwan
taiwán;taiwan
tajamar;cutwater
tajante;cutting
tajo;block
take;take
tal;such
tala;felling
talado;chopped down
talamantes;talamantes
talante;mood
talar;cut
talavera;talavera
talaverana;talaverana
talaverano;talaverano
talent;talent
talentia;talent
talento;talent
talentoso;talented
talison;tallison
talks;talks
tall;tall
talla;size
tallado;carving
tallar;cut
taller;workshop
tallercito;workshop
talleres;workshops
tallk;talk
tally;tally
talulah;tallulah
talón;heel
taman;taman
tamayo;tamayo
tamaña;size
tamaño;size
tambiã;too
tamim;tamim
tampa;tampa
tanatorio;mortuary
tanda;batch
tangente;tangent
tangible;tangible
taniguchi;taniguchi
tank;tank
tanque;tank
tanto;so much
tanzania;tanzania
tanzanía;tanzania
tanzer;tanzer
tapa;top
tapar;cover
tapas;caps
tapear;tapas
tapeo;tapas
tapered;tapered
tapia;wall
tapiado;boarded up
tapial;wall
tapicería;upholstery
tapio;tapio
tapizado;upholstered
taponar;plug
tapujo;cover up
tapón;plug
taquet;tappet
taquilla;ticket office
taquillero;box office
taquinas;taquinas
taquito;taquito
tara;tare
tarantelo;tarantello
tarazá;taraza
tard;late
tardanzo;late
tardar;delay
tardaría;it would take
tarde;afternoon
tardir;late
tarea;task
tarek;tarek
target;target
targetnode;targetnode
targets;targets
tarifa;rate
tarifas;rates
tarjeta;card
tarraconense;tarragona
tarragona;tarragona
tarrina;tub
tarro;jar
tarta;cake
tartar;tartare
tasa;rate
tasación;appraisal
tasca;tavern
tasmania;tasmania
tasquita;tasquita
tastavins;tastavins
tata;daddy
tataki;tataki
tatakis;tatakis
tatarabuelo;great grandfather
tatiana;tatiana
tato;tattoo
tattenbach;tattenbach
tatuado;tattooed
tatuaj;tattoo
tatuar;tattoo
tatun;tattoo
taulel;taulel
tauri;tauri
taurus;taurus
taxi;cab
taxidermia;taxidermy
taxonomía;taxonomy
tayiko;tajik
tayo;tayo
tayrona;tayrona
tayyip;tayyip
taza;bowl
tazuna;tazuna
taín;taino
taüll;taüll
tb;also
tbc;tbc
tc;tc
tca;tca
tcf;tcf
tcfapi;tcfapi
tcs;tcs
td;td
teach;teaching
team;team
teamgoal;teamgoal
teatral;theatrical
teatralizada;dramatized
teatre;theater
teatro;theater
teatros;theaters
tebas;thebes
tech;technology
technical;technical
technologies;technologies
technology;technology
technova;technova
techo;the ceiling
techumbre;roofing
tecla;key
teclado;keyboard
teclea;type
tecnicidad;technicality
tecnificación;technification
tecnificado;technified
tecno;techno
tecnocapitalista;technocapitalist
tecnociencia;technoscience
tecnoeconómico;technoeconomic
tecnolater;technolater
tecnología;technology
tecnologías;technologies
tecnologío;technology
tecnológica;technological
tecnológicamente;technologically
tecnológicas;technological
tecnológico;technological
tecnológicos;technological
tecnosolucionista;technosolutionist
tecnoélite;technoelite
tecnócrata;technocrat
tecnólogo;technologist
tectónica;tectonics
ted;ted
tedros;tedros
teff;teff
teherán;tehran
teixeira;teixeira
teixeiro;teixeiro
tejada;roof
tejado;roof
tejador;roofer
tejados;rooftops
tejar;tile
tejedor;weaver
tejeduría;weaving
tejer;weave
tejido;knitting
tejita;weave
tel;phone
tela;cloth
telar;loom
tele;tv
telecabina;gondola
telecable;telecable
telecom;telecom
telecomunicaciones;telecommunications
telecomunicación;telecommunication
telediario;newscast
telefonía;telephony
telefotográfico;telephoto
telefónica;telephone
telefónicamente;by phone
telefónico;telephone
telegram;telegram
telemar;telemar
telemedicina;telemedicine
telemundo;telemundo
telemática;telematics
telemático;telematic
telescopio;telescope
telesecundaria;telesecundaria
telespectador;viewer
teletrabajo;telecommuting
televisivo;television
televisión;tv
televisor;tv
televisora;television station
tella;tella
teléfono;telephone
teléfonos;phones
telégrafo;telegraph
telón;curtain
tema;theme
temar;fear
temario;syllabus
temas;topics
tembladera;shaking
temente;fearfully
temer;fear
temido;feared
temor;fear
temperatura;temperature
temperature;temperature
templado;tempered
templete;temple
templo;temple
temporada;season
temporal;temporary
temporalidad;temporality
temporalmente;temporarily
temporar;temporarily
temporizador;timer
temprano;early
temptation;temptation
tempura;tempura
temática;theme
temático;thematic
ten;have
tena;had
tendencia;trend
tendencias;trends
tendent;trending
tendente;tendent
tender;to tend
tendero;shopkeeper
tendida;stretched out
tendido;lying
tendiente;tendant
tendrás;you will have
tendrã;will have
tendré;i will have
tendríamos;we would have
tendríar;would have
tenebrio;gloomy
tenebrosa;dark
tened;have
tenedor;fork
tener;to have
tenerife;tenerife
tenga;have
tengan;have
tengar;have
tengas;have
tenia;had
teniente;lieutenant
tenis;tennis
tenista;tennis player
teniéndolo;having it
tenlo;have it
tenoch;tenoch
tenor;tenor
tensar;tense
tensionar;stress
tensión;strain
tenso;tense
tentación;temptation
tentar;tempt
tentativamente;tentatively
tenue;faint
tenéis;you have
tenés;you have
tenía;i had
teníar;have
teoría;theory
terapeuta;therapist
terapeuto;therapist
terapia;therapy
terapias;therapies
terapéutico;therapeutic
tercer;third
tercero;third
terciaria;tertiary
tercio;third
terciopelo;velvet
teresa;teresa
teriyaki;teriyaki
termal;thermal
termales;hot springs
terminado;finished
terminal;terminal
terminals;terminals
terminamos;finished
terminar;end up
terminarir;finish
terminaste;you finished
terminator;terminator
termine;i finished
terminir;finish
terminología;terminology
terminé;i finished
termodinámica;thermodynamics
termostato;thermostat
termín;finished
termómetro;thermometer
ternera;veal
terra;earth
terraverde;greenterrain
terraza;terrace
terrazas;terraces
terre;earth
terremoto;earthquake
terreno;land
terrestre;land
terrestres;terrestrial
terri;terri
terrible;terrible
terriblemente;terribly
territorial;territorial
territorio;territory
terror;terror
terrorismo;terrorism
terrorífico;terrifying
terroso;earthy
terruño;terroir
terry;terry
terráqueo;terrestrial
teruel;teruel
tes;you have
teseo;theseus
tesis;thesis
tesitura;tessitura
tesla;tesla
tesorero;treasurer
tesorería;treasury
tesoro;treasure
test;test
testaje;testing
testamento;will
testar;test
testear;test
testigo;witness
testimonio;testimony
testing;testing
tests;tests
tesón;tenacity
tetaz;busty
tetrabrik;tetra brik
tetracampeón;four-time champion
tetuán;tetouan
teulada;teulada
texas;texas
text;text
textil;textile
textiles;textiles
texto;text
textual;textual
textura;texture
texturo;texture
tezanos;tezanos
teñido;had
teñir;to dye
teóricamente;theoretically
teórico;theoretical
tfg;tfg
thani;thani
thar;thar
that;that
thatcher;thatcher
thawadi;thawadi
the;the
thear;thear
theatre;theater
their;their
them;them
there;there
thermal;thermal
therme;thermal
theventurecity;theventurecity
thibault;thibault
thiel;thiel
thierry;thierry
thieulloy;thieulloy
things;things
think;think
thinking;thinking
thinkpad;thinkpad
thinkshield;thinkshield
this;este
thomas;thomas
thompson;thompson
threadneedle;threadneedle
threats;threats
thriller;thriller
throwing;throwing
thrusters;thrusters
thu;thu
thumama;thumama
thunberg;thunberg
thunnus;thunnus
thynnus;thynnus
thys;thys
thyssen;thyssen
tibetano;tibetan
tibi;warm
tibidabo;tibidabo
tiblisi;tbilisi
tiburón;shark
tibú;tibu
tic;tic
ticketing;ticketing
tickets;tickets
tico;tico
tidal;tidal
tiempo;weather
tienda;store
tiendar;store
tiendas;stores
tiendeo;tended
tienes;you have
tier;level
tierno;tender
tierra;earth
tierro;earth
tifloactiva;typhoactive
tifón;typhoon
tigre;tiger
tijera;scissors
tijeretazo;snip
tik;tik
tiktok;tiktok
til;useful
tildado;branded
tildar;tick
tim;tim
time;time
timeless;timeless
timeline;timeline
times;times
timmermans;timmermans
timothy;timothy
timón;rudder
tinta;ink
tinte;dye
tinto;red
tintorera;blue shark
tip;type
tipicidad;typicality
tipificar;typify
tipo;type
tipología;typology
tir;pull
tira;strip
tiradito;tiradito
tirador;shooter
tiran;pull
tirante;tight
tiranía;tyranny
tirar;throw
tiras;strips
tirita;band aid
tiro;threw
tirole;shoot
tirésias;tiresias
tirón;jerk
tis;tis
titanic;titanic
titanio;titanium
title;title
tito;titus
titubear;hesitate
titulación;title
titulada;titled
titulado;titled
titular;headline
titularidad;ownership
titus;titus
titánico;titanic
tiñir;dye
tjad;tjad
tjue;thursday
tlalpan;tlalpan
tlc;tlc
to;to
toallita;wipe
toaquiza;toaquiza
tobago;tobago
tobal;tobal
tobiko;tobiko
tobillo;ankle
tobogán;slide
toby;toby
toc;knock
toca;touch
tocado;touched
tocante;touching
tocar;play
tocplus;tocplus
todesca;todesca
todorovic;todorovic
todostartups;allstartups
todxs;everyone
toffee;toffee
tofu;tofu
tofuir;to run
together;together
toilette;toilette
tok;tok
tokarczuk;tokarczuk
token;token
tokenizar;tokenize
tokens;tokens
tokio;tokyo
tokyo;tokyo
tola;tola
toldo;awning
toledana;toledo
toledo;toledo
tolerancia;tolerance
tolerante;tolerant
tolerar;tolerate
tom;tom
toma;taking
tomado;taken
tomador;taker
tomar;drink
tomarla;take her
tomarte;take you
tomarã;it will take
tomaría;it would take
tomasa;tomasa
tomata;tomato
tomate;tomatoes
tomatillo;tomatillo
tombo;tombo
tomburi;tomburi
tomelloso;takemeloso
tomer;drink
tommaso;tommaso
tommy;tommy
tomo;i take
tomografía;tomography
tomorrow;tomorrow
tomoumi;tomoumi
tomársela;take it
tomás;thomas
tomé;take
tonalidad;tonality
tonco;fool
tonelada;ton
tonelado;ton
tonelaje;tonnage
tonga;tonga
toni;tony
tonificant;invigorating
tonka;tonka
tonn;tonn
tonnato;tonnato
tono;tone
tonteer;fool
tony;tony
tool;tools
tools;tools
top;top
topacer;run into
topar;run into
topas;bumps
tope;stop
topo;mole
topografía;topography
topográfico;topographic
topología;topology
tops;tops
topã;bump
topé;stop
toque;i touched
toquecito;tap
tora;torah
toral;toral
torcer;twist
torcida;crooked
torcido;distorted
torijano;torijano
tormenta;storm
tormo;tormo
tornar;return
torneo;tournament
tornillo;screw
torno;turnstile
toro;bull
torpe;clumsy
torpedeado;torpedoed
torpedear;torpedo
torpedo;torpedo
torrado;roasted
torre;tower
torrealba;torrealba
torreblanca;white tower
torrecaballeros;torrecaballeros
torredondo;torredondo
torregalindo;torregalindo
torrejón;torrejon
torrencial;torrential
torrencialidad;torrentiality
torrent;torrent
torrente;torrent
torres;towers
torreta;turret
torreón;keep
torrico;torrico
torrollón;torrollon
torró;torró
torsa;torsa
torso;torso
torta;cake
tortilla;tortilla
tortita;pancake
tortolero;tortolero
tortuga;tortoise
tortura;torture
torturamos;we torture
torturar;torture
torà;torah
toscana;tuscany
toseir;cough
toshiko;toshiko
tosquella;tosquella
tostado;toasted
tostar;roast
total;total
totalidad;whole
totalizar;total
totalmente;totally
totanés;totanés
toteking;toteking
touch;touch
touchpoint;touch point
tour;tour
tourism;tourism
tours;tours
tous;all
tower;tower
toyota;toyota
tozal;tozal
toño;tone
tp;tp
tpm;dwt
traar;bring
traba;lock
trabaj;worked
trabajado;worked up
trabajador;employee
trabajadora;worker
trabajadores;workers
trabajar;to work
trabajarlo;work it
trabajer;work
trabajo;worked
trabajándotelo;working on it
trabajé;i worked
traccionar;pull
tracción;traction
track;track
trackpad;trackpad
tracto;tract
tractor;tractor
tractora;tractor
trader;trader
tradicional;traditional
tradicionalmente;traditionally
tradición;tradition
trading;trading
traducción;translation
traducido;translated
traducir;translate
tradudico;i translate
traer;bring
traerno;bring us
trafalgar;trafalgar
tragaluz;skylight
tragar;swallow
tragedia;tragedy
traición;treason
trail;trail
trained;trained
training;training
traje;costume
trajinar;bustle
trama;plot
tramitación;processing
tramitado;processed
tramitar;process
tramo;section
trampa;trap
trampantojo;trompe loeil
trampolín;trampoline
trampó;cheated
trampós;cheaters
tranqui;calm down
tranquila;quiet
tranquilamente;quietly
tranquilidad;tranquility
tranquilizar;reassure
tranquilo;calm
trans;trans
transaccional;transactional
transacción;transaction
transantiago;transantiago
transbordador;spacecraft
transcendencia;transcendence
transcribimos;we transcribe
transcribir;transcribe
transcribíamos;we transcribed
transcrito;transcribed
transcurrar;elapse
transcurre;elapses
transcurrido;elapsed
transcurso;course
transeúnte;passerby
transferencia;transfer
transferible;transferable
transferir;to transfer
transfeír;transfer
transfobia;transphobia
transform;transform
transforma;transform
transformacional;transformational
transformación;transformation
transformado;turned
transformador;transformer
transformadora;transformative
transformamo;we transform
transformar;transform
transfronteriza;cross-border
transfronterizas;cross-border
transfronterizo;cross-border
transfórmalo;transform it
transgeneracional;transgenerational
transgredeir;transgress
transgresora;transgressive
transhumanista;transhumanist
transicional;transitional
transicionar;transition
transiciones;transitions
transició;transitioned
transición;transition
transistor;transistor
transit;traffic
transitada;busy
transitar;transit
transitemos;lets transit
transition;transition
transitorio;transient
transmisibl;transmissible
transmisiblar;transmittable
transmisión;transmission
transmitar;transmit
transmitido;transmitted
transmitir;to transmit
transnacional;transnational
transoceánica;transoceanic
transparencia;transparency
transparentar;make transparent
transparente;transparent
transpirabilidad;breathability
transpirable;breathable
transpiración;perspiration
transport;transportation
transportable;transportable
transportado;transported
transportar;transport
transportarlo;transport it
transporte;transportation
transportes;transportation
transportir;transport
transportista;carrier
transversal;cross
transversalidad;transversality
transversalmente;transversely
tranvía;trolley car
trapa;trapa
trapo;rag
trar;bring
trascendencia;transcendence
trascendental;transcendental
trascendente;transcendent
trascender;transcend
trasciendar;transcend
trasera;rear
trasero;rear
trasfondo;background
trasformadora;transformative
trasiego;racking
traslación;translation
trasladable;portable
trasladado;transferred
trasladamos;we moved
trasladar;move
trasladarno;move
trasladir;move
traslado;transfer
traslar;move
trasmitir;transmit
trasnochado;haggard
trasparente;transparent
traspasar;transfer
traspaso;transfer
trasplantar;transplant
trasplante;transplant
trasporte;transportation
traste;fret
trastear;tinker
trastero;storage room
trastorno;disorder
trasvase;transfer
trasversal;transversal
tratado;treaty
tratamiento;treatment
tratar;treat
trato;deal
trauma;trauma
traumatología;traumatology
traumático;traumatic
travel;travel
traveler;traveler
travellers;travelers
traverso;transverse
travesti;transvestite
travesuras;antics
travesía;crossing
travesías;crossings
traviesa;naughty
travã;travã
trawler;trawler
trayecto;journey
trayectoria;trajectory
traza;trace
trazabilidad;traceability
trazada;traced
trazado;traced
trazador;tracer
trazar;draw
trazo;streak
traés;you bring
treats;treats
treball;treball
trece;thirteen
tree;tree
tregua;truce
treinta;thirty
treintañero;thirtysomething
treintena;thirty
treinto;thirty
trelawny;trelawny
tremendamente;tremendously
tremendo;tremendous
tren;train
trending;trending
trends;trends
trenitalia;trainitaly
trent;trent
trescientos;three hundred
trevijano;trevijano
trevor;trevor
trial;trials
triangular;triangular
trianual;triennial
trias;trias
triatlón;triathlon
tribu;tribe
tribuna;grandstand
tribunal;court
tribunales;courts
tribunero;tribune
tributación;taxation
tributario;tax
tributo;tribute
tricapa;trilayer
tricking;tricking
tricolor;tricolor
tridimensional;three dimensional
trienal;triennial
triestrellado;three-starred
triestrelladosel;triestrelladosel
trigarante;triguarantor
trigo;wheat
triguero;wild
trigésimo;thirtieth
trilateral;trilateral
trillado;trite
trilliza;triplet
trilogía;trilogy
trimestral;quarterly
trimestre;trimester
trimetilamina;trimethylamine
tringali;tringali
trinidad;trinity
trip;trip
tripa;gut
tripartitar;tripartite
tripartito;tripartite
triple;triple
triplicar;triple
triplico;triple
tripulación;crew
tripulado;manned
tripulante;crew member
trist;sad
triste;sad
tristeza;sadness
tritura;shreds
triturar;crush
triunfador;winner
triunfan;they succeed
triunfar;succeed
triunfe;succeed
triunfo;triumph
triángulo;triangle
troceado;chopped
troceo;chop
trochet;trochet
trocito;bit
trofeo;trophy
tronco;trunk
tropa;troop
tropelíar;stumble
tropezar;trip on
tropical;tropical
tropiezo;stumbling block
trousdale;trousdale
troya;trojan
trozo;piece
trucha;trout
trucks;trucks
truco;trick
trudeau;trudeau
true;true
trueba;proves
trueque;barter
trufa;truffle
trufada;truffled
trufado;truffled
trujillo;trujillo
trump;trump
truquito;little trick
truss;trusses
trust;trust
trustmaker;trustmaker
tráfico;traffic
trágicamente;tragically
trágico;tragic
tráiler;trailer
trámite;procedure
tránsito;transit
trías;trias
trío;trio
trófico;trophic
ts;ts
tsjcm;tsjcm
tsjcyl;tsjcyl
tsmc;tsmc
tsukemono;tsukemono
tsunoda;tsunoda
tsutomu;tsutomu
ttg;ttg
tuawa;tuawa
tuber;tuber
tuberculosis;tuberculosis
tubería;pipeline
tubiana;tubian
tubérculo;tuber
tuerca;nut
tui;tui
tuiio;youuio
tuit;tweet
tuitear;tweet
tuiteo;tweet
tuits;tweets
tum;tum
tumba;grave
tumbar;overthrow
tumbo;tumble
tumor;tumor
tumultuós;riot
tunecino;tunisian
tunes;tunes
tungurahua;tungurahua
tuning;tuning
tur;tour
turbina;turbine
turbo;turbo
turboalimentado;turbocharged
turbocompresor;turbocharger
turbosuite;turbo suite
turbulencia;turbulence
turco;turkish
turenscape;turenscape
turespaña;turespaña
turia;turia
turiel;turiel
turijobs;turijobs
turisme;tourism
turismo;sightseeing
turismofobia;tourismphobia
turismofobio;tourismphobe
turista;tourist
turistificación;touristification
turk;turkish
turkana;turkana
turner;turner
turno;turn
turoperador;tour operator
turoperadores;tour operators
turquía;turkey
turrialba;turrialba
turtles;turtles
turín;turin
turística;tour
turístico;tourist
turísticos;tourist
tut;tut
tutankamon;tutankhamun
tutankamón;tutankhamen
tutela;guardianship
tutelar;tutelary
tutor;tutor
tutorial;tutorial
tutoría;tutorships
tuvalu;tuvaluan
tuviera;had
tuvimos;we had
tuvir;had
tuvistar;tuvistar
tv;tv
tve;tve
tvs;tv
tweet;tweet
twingo;twingo
twitch;twitch
twittear;tweet
twitter;twitter
twittter;twitter
tws;tws
txabe;txabe
txai;txai
txikon;txikon
tyng;tyng
type;type
typeof;typeof
tzu;tzu
tàrbena;tarbena
tácito;tacit
táctica;tactic
táctico;tactical
táctil;tactile
támesis;thames
tándem;tandem
tártara;tartar
tã;you
té;tea
técnica;technique
técnicamente;technically
técnicas;techniques
técnico;technical
télam;telam
térmica;thermal
térmicamente;thermally
térmico;thermal
término;finished
tés;teas
tía;aunt
tíbet;tibet
tícket;ticket
tímidamente;shyly
tímido;shy
tío;uncle
típico;typical
títere;puppet
título;title
tómatir;tomatir
tónica;tonic
tónico;tonic
tópico;topic
tópicos;topics
tóxico;toxic
túnel;tunnel
túnica;tunica
túnido;tuna
türk;turk
ua;uah
uab;uab
uaeh;uah
uav;uav
ub;ub
uba;uba
uber;uber
ubicación;location
ubicada;located
ubicado;located
ubicamo;locate
ubicar;locate
ubicaréi;i will locate
ubicase;locate
ubicuidad;ubiquity
ubs;ubs
uc;uc
ucaneo;ucaneus
ucayali;ucayali
ucd;ucd
uceda;happen
uceif;uceif
ucha;ouch
uclés;uclés
ucr;ucr
ucrania;ukraine
ucraniana;ukrainian
ucraniano;ukrainian
ucuenca;ucuenca
udai;udai
udelar;udelar
udi;udi
udl;udl
ue;eu
uefa;uefa
uekötter;uekotter
uganda;uganda
ugg;ugg
ugo;ugo
ugt;ugt
uhd;uhd
ui;ui
uib;uib
uic;uic
uicn;iucn
uigur;uigur
uim;uim
uimp;uimp
uit;itu
uitp;uitp
uk;uk
ukip;ukip
uleb;uleb
uli;uly
ulrichsen;ulrichsen
ultima;last
ultimir;finalize
ultimátum;ultimatum
ultra;ultra
ultradelgado;ultra slim
ultraderecha;extreme right
ultraderechista;far right
ultrafino;ultrafine
ultrafluida;ultrafluid
ultraizquierda;far left
ultrajitazo;outrage
ultraligero;microlight
ultramar;overseas
ultranza;extreme
ultraperiférica;outermost
ultraperiféricas;outermost
ultrapotente;ultra powerful
ultraprocesada;ultra-processed
ultraprocesado;ultra-processed
ultrarrico;ultra-rich
ultrarrápida;lightning fast
ultrarrápido;lightning fast
ultraterrestre;outer
umbilical;umbilical
umbral;threshold
umbria;umbrian
umbría;umbria
unai;unai
unam;unam
unamuno;unamuno
unanimidad;unanimity
unar;a r
unate;join
unboxing;unboxing
under;under
uned;join
unep;unep
unesco;unesco
unesdoc;unesdoc
unfccc;unfccc
unfpa;unfpa
unicaja;unicaja
unicef;unicef
unicelular;unicellular
unicornio;unicorn
unida;united
unidad;unit
unidas;united
unido;united
unidos;united
uniendo;uniting
unifamiliar;single family
unificación;unification
unificado;unified
unificar;unify
unifico;unify
uniformar;standardize
uniforme;uniform
uniformemente;evenly
uniformidad;uniformity
uniformó;uniformed
unilateral;unilateral
unilateralmente;unilaterally
unilever;unilever
union;union
unipolar;unipolar
unir;link
unir yo;join me
unirte;join
unisex;unisex
unit;unit
unitar;unite
united;united
universal;universal
universidad;college
universidade;university
universidades;universities
universitaria;university
universitario;academic
universitat;university
university;college
universo;universe
unió;joined
unión;union
unnamed;unnamed
unreal;unreal
unrisd;unrisd
unsplash;unsplash
unsw;unsw
unwto;unwto
unánime;unanimous
unísono;unison
uoc;uoc
up;up
upa;oops
upc;cpu
upm;oops
upo;upo
ups;oops
upselling;upselling
upskillling;upskilling
upv;upv
ura;ura
uralita;uralite
urban;city
urbana;urban
urbanas;urban
urbaneja;urban girl
urbanisme;urbanism
urbanismo;town planning
urbanista;urban planner
urbanito;urbanite
urbanización;urbanization
urbanizado;urbanized
urbano;urban
urbanístico;town
urbe;city
urdaneta;urdaneta
urea;urea
urgar;urge
urge;urgent
urged;urgent
urgell;urgell
urgencia;urgency
urgente;urgent
urgentemente;urgently
urgewald;urgewald
urgido;urged
urgir;urge
uri;uri
uriarte;uriarte
uribe;uribe
uribes;uribes
uriel;uriel
urinario;urinary
urko;urko
url;url
urlcopied;urlcopied
urls;urls
urna;urn
urr;urr
urrechu;urrechu
urss;ussr
ursula;ursula
uruguay;uruguay
uruguaya;uruguayan
uruguayo;uruguayan
uría;uría
us;us
usabilidad;usability
usado;used
usal;usal
usar;use
usb;usb
usc;usc
usd;usd
use;use
ushuaia;ushuaia
using;using
uso;use
usos;applications
ussel;ussel
ust;you
usual;usual
usuaria;user
usuario;username
usuarios;users
usurpación;usurpation
usón;used
uta;uta
utb;utb
utensilio;utensil
util;useful
utilidad;utility
utilitario;utilitarian
utilities;utilities
utiliz;used
utiliza;uses
utilización;utilization
utilizada;used
utilizado;used
utilizamos;we use
utilizando;using
utilizar;use
utilizándolo;using it
utopía;utopia
utópica;utopian
uu;uu
uv;uv
uva;grape
ux;ux
uxl;ux
uxío;uxío
uña;nail
va;goes
vaca;cow
vacacional;vacation
vacación;vacation
vacante;vacant
vacar;vacation
vacas;cows
vacation;vacation
vaccae;vaccae
vaciado;emptied
vaciar;empty
vacuna;vaccine
vacunación;vaccination
vacunal;vaccination
vacunar;vaccinate
vacuno;bovine
vacuum;vacuum
vacío;empty
vaduz;vaduz
vaeza;vaeza
vagamente;vaguely
vago;vague
vagón;wagon
vainilla;vanilla
vaivén;sway
vajilla;crockery
val;val
valcarce;valcarce
valcárcel;valcárcel
valdebezana;valdebezana
valdecarros;valdecarros
valdecilla;valdecilla
valdelamar;valdelamar
valdemoro;valdemoro
valdepeñas;valdepenas
valderaduey;valderaduey
valderrama;valderrama
valdis;valdis
valdivia;valdivia
valdés;valdes
vale;okay
valencia;valencia
valencian;valencian
valenciana;valencian
valenciano;valencian
valentin;valentine
valentina;valentine
valentir;brave
valentí;valentí
valentía;courage
valentín;valentine
valer;to worth
valeria;valeria
valeta;valletta
valga;worth it
valgo;im worth
valhalla;valhalla
validación;validation
validado;validated
validar;validate
valiente;brave
valioso;valuable
vall;vall
valla;fence
valladolid;valladolid
vallbona;vallbona
valle;valley
vallecano;vallecano
vallecas;vallecas
vallehermoso;beautiful valley
vallejo;vallejo
valles;valleys
valley;valley
vallisoletano;valladolid
valls;valleys
vallter;vallter
vallvidrera;vallvidrera
valor;worth
valora;values
valoración;assessment
valorada;valued
valorado;valued
valoramos;we value
valorar;appreciate
valoras;you value
valorem;valorem
valores;values
valorizar;value
valoro;value
valparaíso;valparaiso
vals;waltz
valsaín;valsain
valtra;valtra
valtteri;valtteri
value;value
valverde;valverde
valència;valencia
valéncia;valencia
valío;worth
vanamente;vainly
vandalismo;vandalism
vandálico;vandalism
vanguardia;vanguard
vanguardista;avant-garde
vania;vania
vano;vain
vans;vans
vao;vao
vapaavuori;vapaavuori
vapor;vapor
vaporización;vaporization
vaqueiro;cowboy
vaquero;cowboy
vaqueros;cowboys
var;var
vara;stick
varado;stranded
varas;rods
varela;varela
vargas;vargas
variabilidad;variability
variable;variable
variación;variation
variado;varied
variante;variant
variar;to vary
variarir;vary
variedad;variety
varilla;rod
variz;varicose vein
varsovia;warsaw
varía;it varies
varíar;to vary
varón;male
vas;you go
vasca;basque
vasco;basque
vascular;vascular
vasil;vasil
vaso;glass
vasos;cups
vasta;vast
vasto;vast
vaticano;vatican
vatio;watt
vaumm;vaumm
vauxhall;vauxhall
vayar;go away
vayas;go
vayáis;go away
vañó;vain
vbc;vbc
vda;life
vdos;vdos
ve;go
vea;see
vean;see
vear;see
veci;neighbor
vecina;neighbor
vecinal;local
vecindario;neighborhood
vecino;neighbour
vecinos;neighbours
vector;vector
vega;vega
vegalsa;vegalsa
vegana;vegan
vegano;vegan
veganzones;veganzones
vegetación;vegetation
vegetal;vegetable
vegetariana;vegetarian
vegetariano;vegetarian
veggie;veggie
vegán;vegan
vehemente;vehement
vehicle;vehicle
vehicles;vehicles
vehicular;vehicular
vehículo;vehicle
vehículos;vehicles
veinte;twenty
veinteava;twentieth
veinteañero;twenties
veintena;score
veinticinco;twenty-five
veinticuatro;twenty four
veintisiete;twenty seven
veintitrés;twenty three
veintiuno;twenty-one
vejez;old age
vela;candle
velada;evening
velado;veiled
velar;to ensure
velarde;velarde
velero;sailboat
vella;see it
vello;hair
velo;veil
velocidad;speed
velouter;veluter
velázquez;velazquez
ven;come
vena;come to
venado;deer
venancio;venance
vence;expires
vencedor;victor
vencedora;winner
vencer;overcome
vencido;defeated
vencimiento;expiration
vend;sell
vendar;bind up
vendedor;seller
vender;sell
venderer;to sell
venderla;sell it
venderlo;sell it
vendido;sold out
vendimia;vintage
vendimiar;harvest
vendiéndolo;selling it
vendrã;will come
vendíar;sell
venecia;venice
veneno;poison
venerado;revered
venerar;venerate
venezolano;venezuelan
venezuela;venezuela
vengamos;lets come
venganza;revenge
vengar;avenge
vengativo;vengeful
vengo;i come
venidera;coming
venidero;coming
venido;i come
venir;to come
venom;venom
venta;sale
ventaja;advantage
ventajas;advantage
ventajoso;advantageous
ventana;window
ventanal;picture window
ventas;sales
ventilación;ventilation
ventilador;fan
ventrecha;belly
ventresca;belly
ventur;ventur
venture;venture
ventures;ventures
venturi;venturi
venturing;venturing
venus;venus
veníar;come
veo;i see
veolia;veolia
ver;watch
vera;vera
veracruz;veracruz
veraniega;summery
veraniego;summer
verano;summer
veranos;summers
verbal;verbal
verbo;verb
verdad;true
verdaderamente;truly
verdadero;real
verde;green
verdes;green
verdesalfredo;greenalfredo
verdolatría;verdolatry
verdura;vegetable
verduras;vegetables
verdurita;little vegetable
vereda;sidewalk
veredicto;verdict
vergara;vergara
verger;verger
vergonzoso;shameful
vergüenza;shame
verificable;verifiable
verificación;check
verificado;verified
verificador;checker
verificar;check
veritas;veritas
verla;see her
verleal;verloyal
vermeer;vermeer
vermú;vermouth
verne;verne
vernián;vernian
vernácula;vernacular
verona;verona
verosímil;plausible
versar;verse
versatilidad;versatility
versionar;cover
versiono;versiono
versión;version
verso;verse
verstappen;verstappen
versus;versus
versátil;versatile
vertebración;vertebration
vertebrado;vertebrate
vertebrador;backbone
vertebral;vertebral
vertebrar;backbone
vertedero;landfill
verter;pour
vertical;vertical
vertido;spill
vertient;slope
vertiente;slope
vertiginoso;vertiginous
vertimiento;shedding
verás;youll see
verã;you will see
verónica;veronica
verónika;veronika
ves;you see
vespa;scooter
vestappen;verstappen
vestido;dress
vestidor;dressing room
vestidura;clothing
vestigio;vestige
vestimenta;outfit
vestir;wear
vestuario;locker room
vestíbulo;lobby
vetar;veto
veterano;veteran
veterinaria;vet
veterinario;veterinary
vetir;dress
veto;veto
vettel;vettel
vettell;vettel
vhs;vhs
vi;saw
via;via
viabilidad;viability
viable;viable
viabrea;viabrea
viadero;viadero
viaducto;viaduct
viajado;traveled
viajar;to travel
viajarir;travel
viaje;trip
viajen;travel
viajera;traveler
viajero;traveler
viajes;trips
vial;road
viana;viana
viandante;pedestrian
viar;travel
viares;travel
viario;road
viavélez;viavélez
viboral;vibrating
viborina;viper
vibra;vibrates
vibración;vibration
vibrador;vibrator
vibranium;vibranium
vibrante;vibrant
vibrar;vibrate
vic;vic
vicari;vicari
vice;vice
viceconsejero;deputy counselor
viceministro;vice minister
vicente;vincent
viceportavoz;deputy spokesperson
vicepresidencia;vice presidency
vicepresident;vice president
vicepresidenta;vice president
vicepresidente;vice president
vicerrector;vice chancellor
vicesecretaria;deputy secretary
vicesecretario;deputy secretary
vicesecretaría;vice secretary
viceversa;vice versa
vichyssoise;vichyssoise
viciosa;vicious
vicioso;vicious
vicisitud;vicissitude
vicki;vicky
vicky;vicky
vico;vico
victimismo;victimhood
victor;victor
victoria;victory
victoriano;victorian
victòria;victory
vid;vine
vida;life
vidal;vidal
vidas;lives
video;video
videoarte;video art
videoclip;video clip
videoconferencia;video conference
videocámara;video camera
videojuego;videogame
videojuegos;video game
videollamada;video call
videos;videos
vidilla;vidilla
vidriera;window
vidrio;glass
vidueira;vidueira
vieira;scallop
vieja;old woman
viejo;old
viendo;seeing
vienna;vienna
viento;wind
viera;saw
viernes;friday
vietnam;vietnam
view;view
viga;beam
vigencia;validity
vigente;valid
vigesimoséptimo;twenty-seventh
vigilado;guarded
vigilancia;surveillance
vigilante;vigilant
vigilantes;watchmen
vigilar;look out
vigo;vigo
vigor;vigor
vigoroso;vigorous
vigésimo;twentieth
vih;hiv
vii;viii
vijay;vijay
vikika;vikika
vikingo;viking
viktor;victor
vil;vile
vila;village
vilafranca;vilafranca
vilanova;vilanova
vilar;vilarize
vilchez;vilchez
vilela;vilela
villa;town
village;village
villagrán;villagran
villalba;villalba
villalobos;villalobos
villalón;villalon
villamagna;villamagna
villamandos;villamandos
villamanrique;villamanrique
villamassa;villamassa
villana;villain
villano;villain
villanubla;villanubla
villanueva;villanueva
villar;villar
villaronga;villaronga
villarrubia;villarrubia
villaventura;villaventura
villaverde;villaverde
villegas;villegas
villena;villena
villeroy;villeroy
villó;villó
vilás;vilas
vinagreta;vinaigrette
vinagretar;vinaigrette
vinalopó;vinalopo
vinatería;liquor store
vinc;vinc
vincent;vincent
vinculación;bonding
vinculado;bound
vinculante;binding
vinculantes;binding
vincular;link
vincularlo;link it
vincularno;link not
vinculir;link
vine;came
viniesar;to come
vinificación;winemaking
vinilos;vinyls
viniérar;to come
vinnie;vinnie
vino;came
vinos;wines
vinoteca;wine cellar
vintage;vintage
vinuesa;wine
vinyasa;vinyasa
vinçon;vincon
vinícola;wine
vio;he saw
viogén;viogen
violación;violation
violador;rapist
violar;rape
violencia;violence
violento;violent
violinista;violinist
violín;fiddle
vip;vip
vips;vips
viraje;turn
viral;viral
viralizado;viralized
virar;tack
virgen;virgin
virgilio;virgil
virgin;virgin
virgina;virginia
viridiana;viridiana
virrey;viceroy
virtual;virtual
virtualización;virtualization
virtualizar;virtualize
virtualmente;virtually
virtud;virtue
virtudes;virtues
virtuoso;virtuous
virulencia;virulence
virus;virus
viruta;chip
visa;visa
visado;visa
viscarret;viscarret
visibilidad;visibility
visibilizar;make visible
visible;visible
visiblemente;visibly
visionado;viewing
visionar;view
visionaria;visionary
visionario;visionary
visionarios;visionaries
visit;visit
visita;visit
visitado;visited
visitante;visitor
visitar;visit
visitar yo;visit me
visitarar;visit
visite;visited
visiting;visiting
visits;visits
visión;vision
vislumbrar;glimpse
vislumbrir;glimpse
viso;viso
vista;view
vistar;dress
vistas;views
vistazo;glance
viste;dresses
visto;viewed
vistoso;colorful
visual;visual
visuales;visuals
visualización;display
visualizar;visualize
visualmente;visually
visualscript;visualscript
vita;life
vital;vital
vitali;vitali
vitalidad;vitality
vitality;vitality
vitamina;vitamin
vitaminas;vitamins
vitellato;vitellate
vitello;vitello
viticultor;winegrower
viticultura;viticulture
vitivinícola;viticulture
vitoria;victory
vitrina;showcase
vitro;vitro
viuda;widow
viudedad;widowhood
viuden;widow
viudo;widower
viva;live
vivacidad;vivacity
vivalda;vivalda
vivamos;lets live
vivanco;lively
vivar;live
vivas;alive
vive;it lives
vivencia;experience
vivero;nursery
vives;do you live
vivi;i lived
vivido;vivid
vivienda;living place
viviendir;dwelling
viviente;living
vivificadoro;quickening
vivir;to live
vivistar;vivistar
vivo;live
vivos;alive
viví;i lived
vivíar;live
vizcaya;biscay
vizcaíno;biscayan
vizmalo;vizmalo
vizmanos;vizmanos
vién;come
viña;vineyard
viñas;vines
viñedo;vineyard
viñeta;bullet point
vladimir;vladimir
vladímir;vladimir
vocabulario;vocabulary
vocación;vocation
vocal;vocal
vocento;vocento
vocero;spokesman
vodafone;vodafone
vodevil;vaudeville
void;void
voix;voice
volado;flown
volante;steering wheel
volar;to fly
volarar;fly
volatilidad;volatility
volcado;tipped over
volcar;overturn
volcán;volcano
volcánico;volcanic
volker;volker
volkshausgarten;volkshausgarten
volkswagen;volkswagen
volodimir;volodimir
volquet;tipper
volquete;tipper
volta;back
voltaire;voltaire
voltaje;voltage
volumen;volume
voluminoso;bulky
volumétrico;volumetric
voluntad;will
voluntariado;volunteering
voluntariamente;voluntarily
voluntario;volunteer
voluntarios;volunteers
volver;return
volverla;return it
volveríar;i would return
volviéndome;turning me
volvo;return
volvía;i returned to
volátil;volatile
von;von
vorágine;maelstrom
vos;you
vota;vote
votación;vote
votad;vote
votado;voted
votante;voter
votar;vote
votarã;will vote
voting;voting
voto;vote
vox;voice
voyag;voyage
voyage;voyage
voz;voice
vr;vr
vries;vries
vril;vril
vs;vs
vsco;vsco
vtex;vtex
vue;vue
vuela;flying
vuelan;they fly
vueling;flying
vuelir;fly
vuelo;flight
vuelser;vuelser
vuelta;lap
vuelto;turned
vuelve;come back
vuelvo;i come back
vulcan;vulcan
vulkano;vulkan
vulnerabilidad;vulnerability
vulnerabilities;vulnerabilities
vulnerability;vulnerability
vulnerable;vulnerable
vulneran;violate
vulnerar;infringe
vulnerir;violate
vuna;vuna
válido;valid
válir;valid
vámono;lets go
vásquez;vasquez
vástago;stem
váter;toilet
vázquez;vazquez
vã;goes
vértice;vertex
vértigo;vertigo
vía;via
vías;pathways
víctima;victim
víctor;victor
vídeo;video
vídeos;videos
vínculo;link
víscera;viscera
víspera;eve
vísperas;vespers
vívela;live the
víver;food
vôvem;vôvem
wabi;wabi
wadi;wadi
wagner;wagner
wagyu;wagyu
waist;waist
wait;wait
wakanda;wakandan
wakrah;wakrah
waldemar;waldemar
waldorf;waldorf
wales;wales
walid;walid
walkiria;walkyria
wall;walls
wallapop;wallapop
wallbox;wallbox
wallet;wallet
walt;walt
walter;walter
wan;wan
wanchope;wanchope
wanders;wanders
wang;wang
war;war
wardrobe;closet
warm;warm
wars;wars
was;was
washington;washington
wasp;wasps
waste;waste
watch;watches
water;toilet
waterstudio;waterstudio
watling;watling
wave;waves
waves;waves
way;way
wayland;wayland
wayra;wayra
we;we
wealth;wealth
weapons;weapons
wear;wear
wearthechange;wearthechange
weather;weather
web;web
webinars;webinars
weblotalty;weblotalty
webmaster;webmaster
webmasters;webmasters
webs;websites
wedo;wedo
weee;weee
week;week
weizmann;weizman
welife;welife
wellington;wellington
wellness;wellness
wendy;wendy
were;were
werff;werff
werner;werner
werock;werock
west;west
westendorp;westendorp
western;western
westfalia;westphalia
westin;westin
wework;wework
wh;what
what;que
whatsapp;whatsapp
wheelock;wheellock
wheelwright;wheelwright
whering;whereing
white;white
whiteley;whiteley
whitley;whitley
who;quien
why;why
wide;wide
widow;widow
wiesner;wiesner
wifi;wifi
wikipedia;wikipedia
wildlife;wildlife
wilkins;wilkins
will;will
willett;willett
william;william
williams;williams
willy;willy
wilmot;wilmot
wilsdorf;wilsdorf
wilson;wilson
window;window
windows;windows
windowsmobileos;windowsmobiles
windowsphoneos;windowsphones
wine;wine
winstone;winstone
wire;wire
wisconsin;wisconsin
wise;wise
with;with
wizz;wizz
wojciechowski;wojciechowski
wok;wok
wole;wole
wolf;wolf
woman;woman
women;women
wonton;wontons
woocommerce;woocommerce
wood;wooden
woods;woods
woody;woody
word;words
wordpress;wordpress
work;work
workforce;workforce
workspace;workspace
world;world
worldgbc;worldgbc
worldgroup;worldgroup
worldometer;worldometer
worldometers;worldometers
worldwide;worldwide
would;would
wouter;wouter
wow;wow
wpilfrontend;wpilfrontend
wpp;whatsapp
wraps;wraps
wright;wright
wrns;wrns
wtm;wtm
wttc;wttc
wwa;wow
wwf;wwf
wwfespaña;wwfspain
xaas;hahaha
xabier;xavier
xacobea;xacobean
xaime;xaime
xaló;xaló
xanty;xanty
xapes;xapes
xara;xara
xavi;xavi
xavier;xavier
xceed;xceed
xchef;xchef
xcient;xcent
xenials;xennials
xenofobia;xenophobia
xerbo;xerbo
xesús;xesus
xhev;xhev
xi;xi
xiaomi;xiaomi
xico;xico
xicu;xicu
xie;xie
xii;xii
xiii;xiii
ximena;ximena
ximo;ximo
xinhua;xinhua
xiquets;xiquets
xisco;xisco
xito;success
xix;xix
xl;xl
xo;xo
xorg;xorg
xornadas;days
xosé;xose
xs;xs
xu;xu
xunta;together
xurés;xures
xustiza;justify
xv;xv
xvi;xvi
xvii;xviii
xviii;xviii
xx;xx
xxi;xxi
xxix;xxx
xxs;xxs
xxvii;xxvii
xxviii;xxviii
xxxiii;xxxiii
xxxv;xxxv
xàbia;xàbia
xábrega;xabrega
xóchitl;xochitl
yacht;yacht
yacimiento;deposit
yadea;yadea
yale;yale
yalta;and tall
yan;yan
yang;yang
yanuncay;yanuncay
yarinacocha;yarinacocha
yaroslav;yaroslav
yarumal;yarumal
yasesoramiento;and advice
yatch;yacht
yate;i already
ybarra;ybar
ye;yeah
year;year
years;years
yellen;yellen
yema;bud
yemen;yemen
yen;and in
yenes;yen
yerguir;stand up
yerma;barren
yermo;wilderness
yes;and it is
yeso;cast
yeyati;yeyati
yi;yi
yield;yield
yields;yields
yilgarn;yilgarn
yoana;yoana
yoast;yoast
yodo;iodine
yoenis;yoenis
yoga;yoga
yogar;yogar
yogui;yogi
yogur;yogurt
yogurt;yogurt
yogurtera;yogurt maker
yoku;yoku
yolanda;yolanda
yonatan;yonatan
yong;yong
yongan;yongan
york;york
yorkshire;yorkshire
yoswar;yoswar
you;you
your;your
yousef;yousef
youth;youth
youtube;youtube
youtuber;youtuber
youtubers;youtubers
ypersonalidad;andpersonality
yresaltar;andhighlight
yrigoyen;yrigoyen
yu;you
yuan;yuan
yugo;yoke
yugoslavia;yugoslavia
yuki;yuki
yumi;yumi
yuval;yuval
yuxtaposición;juxtaposition
yuyu;yuyu
yuyus;jujus
yzuel;yzuel
zabala;zabala
zacarías;zacarias
zacatecano;zacatecano
zachariah;zachariah
zadi;zadi
zafiro;sapphire
zafra;harvest
zagreb;zagreb
zaguirre;zaguirre
zaha;zaha
zaitegi;zaitegi
zaldibar;zaldibar
zalia;zalia
zamalloa;zamalloa
zamarra;jacket
zambia;zambia
zamburiñas;scallops
zammit;zammit
zamora;zamora
zamudio;zamudio
zanahoria;carrot
zanahorio;carrot
zanja;ditch
zanjar;ditch
zanjó;settled
zanzíbar;zanzibar
zapata;shoe
zapatero;shoemaker
zapatería;shoe shop
zapatil;shoe
zapatilla;shoe
zapatillas;sneakers
zapato;shoe
zapatos;shoes
zapear;zap
zara;zara
zaragoza;saragossa
zaragozano;zaragoza
zarich;zarich
zarpó;set sail
zas;wham
zavala;zavala
zayed;zayed
zdnet;zdnet
zealand;zealand
zec;zec
zelanda;zealand
zelandia;zealand
zelenski;zelensky
zeleros;zeleros
zeman;zeman
zen;zen
zenia;zenia
zentro;center
zero;zero
zeroid;zeroid
zhai;zhai
zhangzhou;zhangzhou
zhenhua;zhenhua
zhenmin;zhenmin
zhou;zhou
zidane;zidane
zinc;zinc
zinedine;zinedine
zingales;zingales
zombi;zombie
zombis;zombies
zona;zone
zone;zone
zoológico;zoo
zoom;zoom
zoonótico;zoonotic
zorb;zorb
zornoza;fox
zorrakino;zorrakino
zorro;fox
zoólogo;zoologist
zs;zs
ztna;ztna
zuara;zuara
zubiaurre;zubiaurre
zubizarreta;zubizarreta
zuckerberg;zuckerberg
zuera;zuera
zuin;zuin
zuma;juice
zumex;zumex
zumo;juice
zumthor;zumthor
zunder;zunder
zurbarán;zurbaran
zurbuchen;zurbuchen
zurco;furrow
zurda;left handed
zurich;zurich
zwilling;zwilling
zz;zz
zócalo;plinth
zúrich;zurich
zúñiga;zuniga
ºc;ºc
àlex;alex
àngels;angels
ácido;acid
áfrica;africa
ágil;agile
ágora;agora
águila;eagle
álava;alava
álbum;album
álex;alex
álgido;algid
álvarez;alvarez
álvaro;alvaro
ámbar;amber
ámbito;ambit
ámbitos;scopes
ámsterdam;amsterdam
áncora;anchor
ángel;angel
ángela;angela
ángeles;angels
ángulo;angle
ánimo;cheer up
áqaba;aqaba
árabe;arab
árabes;arabs
árbitro;referee
árbol;tree
árboles;trees
área;area
árida;arid
áridas;arid
ártico;arctic
áspero;rough
ática;attica
átomo;atom
ávalos;value them
ávido;avid
ávila;avila
ângela;angela
ãºltimas;last
ãºltimo;last
échalir;throw out
édgar;edgar
élite;elite
élites;elites
éléonore;éléonore
énfasis;emphasis
épico;epic
época;epoch
érir;erir
ética;ethics
éticas;ethics
ético;ethical
éticos;ethical
étnico;ethnic
éxito;success
éxodo;exodus
ícono;icon
ídolo;idol
íker;iker
ímpetu;momentum
índice;index
índico;indian
índole;nature
ínfimo;infimum
íntegramente;entirely
íntegro;full
íntimamente;intimately
íntimo;intimate
ír;to go
íscar;iscar
ítem;item
íñigo;inigo
óleo;oil
ómnibus;bus
ónega;onega
ópera;opera
óptica;optics
óptico;optical
óptima;optimal
óptimas;optimal
óptimo;optimum
órbita;orbit
órdago;cracking
órden;order
órgano;organ
óscar;oscar
óxido;oxide
öhlins;ohlins
úbeda;úbeda
últimamente;lately
únete;join up
única;only
únicamente;only
único;unique
ús;us
útero;uterus
útil;useful
